Timothy G NDE (13005)
Experience Description
I was down on the floor, on my hands and knees. I couldn't hardly breathe and my mouth became the driest it has ever been. But I couldn't stand up to get a drink, so I crawled to the bathroom to get water. The water just ran out of my mouth. I crawled out of the bathroom to my couch. I grabbed my cellphone and sent a text message to Jackie, 'Jacie, I think I'm dying.' That's all I said.
I don't know how long it was before Jackie showed up at my house. She was yelling, 'The door is locked.' I managed to crawl to the door and unlock the door. I briefly told her what was happening. She brought me some water to drink. I couldn't explain fully what was happening and water still was running down my mouth and not going down.


Jackie began asking me, 'Is it your heart? Where does it hurt?' I told her that I don't know what it is but it hurts all over my body. Jackie repeatedly asked me, 'Do you want me to call an ambulance?' I replied, 'No.' I remember Jackie took my hand and held it.


I was by myself on this journey, feeling lost. The first vision that I saw were the scariest forms of human beings that I'd ever seen in my life. I was so terrified by what I was seeing. Seven or eight creatures began to surround me, trying to grab me. It was as if they just wanted to touch me.


I felt someone take my hand. I recognized my mom. She looked 30 to 40 years younger than when I last saw her. She was a very beautiful person. We began to walk. She took me to a path that was the most beautiful place I'd ever seen. The light that lit the path was soft and peaceful. The landscaping was something I just wanted to touch and hold onto. The path was winding and long, but the distance seemed to get less and less the further we went. I was so overwhelmed by the beauty of where I was that it controlled my body. We went around halfway around a bend in the path.


I noticed two women looking at me, then realized they were my grandmas. They were so beautiful. I'd never seen my grandmas in that body form.


My mom and I were still walking down the path. David is my only child and my mom's only grandchild. I told my mom that I can't leave David this way. The further we walked, the more beautiful it became. I told my mom again that I cannot leave David right now as I felt that I would be abandoning him. And I didn't want to go any further down the path. I remember asking my mom to please take me back so I can see David. I was led with my mom still holding my hand. She let go of my hand.


My eyes opened and my hand was in Jackie's hand. My whole body felt good. I was able to breathe easily and I was able to drink water. To this day, I know that I died. I left my body to see things that I could never envision my earthly life. I know that my mom brought me back here to spend more time with David. What took place that night is all I see now.



Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:07/12/2024-07/13/2024
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?No. There wasn't anything that happened.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Both pleasant AND distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?No.
I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. I've never seen what I saw walking down the path my mom. There is nothing on planet that would be comparable to that path. NOTHING!
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?When my mom and I were halfway around that bend and I saw my grandmas.
Were your thoughts speeded up?No
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning.
When I found myself holding Jackie's hand, my immediate thought was 'what just happened? It wasn't a dream.' This was something that just happened that will probably never happen again.
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceIt captured my entire attention. I didn't want to look away or leave this location; it takes my breath away.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceWhen I came unto the creatures, the sound was LOUD and disrupting. I couldn't communicate with anybody or anything. When my mom showed up and we began to walk, the loud sound disappeared. Then, the sound was as peaceful as sitting along a river and just hearing nature.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes I consider the path that mom and I were on as the path to Heaven
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes Mother and both grandmas
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes The tone of the light. It's not a light that shines
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm. When I saw the creatures, I was so scared that I just wanted to leave that location.
The path that I was walking with my mom felt like I was going home.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?Scared for my life. To feeling like there's nothing to be afraid of.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Happiness
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?No
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?No
Did scenes from your past come back to you?I remembered many past events
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?No
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Christian- Protestant
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?No
What is your religion now?Christian- Protestant
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. There's nothing to add to what I've told you.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes I want to be a better person today than I was yesterday
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I heard a voice I could not identify. The sound that was being made around the creatures.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes I had never seen something as horrifying and also something so beautiful that I want to go back to
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?No
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Yes The locations of where I was. I felt lost.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes How much I love my son. If it wasn't for my son and Jacki,e I truly believe that I wouldn't be here answering these questions.
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Moderate changes in my life. The love between a father and a son are unbreakable
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?My love for my son is a bond that can't be separated at this time. Uncertain
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience. It was like it was yesterday, and the memory of the experience will not go away.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?No
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.No
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes Just Jackie, my son, and my care-provider
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. The presence of my mom with me.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real. Overwhelming feelings like this is crazy.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?No
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?I'm not insane. But I feel like people would think that I have lost my mind.
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?No