Susan W NDE (13039)
Experience Description
I was 18 months old at the time. The story of my illness was told to me from my parents, sisters, aunt and grandparents, as I was too young to know what exactly happened. I was in the hospital for spinal meningitis and double pneumonia. Apparently, there were other things wrong as well.



What I remember is being sick ward. I saw cribs and beds with children everywhere. I remember the curtains had zoo animals on them. I also remember the doctor who came by a couple times a day; sometimes with a huge needle. I did not fighting much because I was really sick. Everyone was very nice to me and I wasn't afraid of being in the hospital.


I do remember seeing my parents a good bit. My father said I was in the hospital for 3 months.


One day while in the hospital, I was floating above my body. Then, I was on the floor and looking up at my body in the crib. I was confused, but not scared. Then a lady in all-white, who gave off a brilliant, white light came to me. She and I were looking at this guy in a black robe. She said, 'Here, let me hide you. He is death and he is looking for you; but he can't take you if he doesn't see you.' After he went away, she lifted me up and said, 'It is not your time.' The she placed me back in my body.


Before this incident, my family was told to pick out funeral clothing for me, because I would not last the night. Being in a catholic family, they gathered and prayed all night for me. The next morning, they got a call to come get me. They took an x-ray of my lungs and ran some tests. They were amazed to say that there is nothing wrong with me. They couldn't explain it other than that I was a walking miracle!


My mother watched over me for weeks after I was home. Once while watching me, she said I lifted my arms up and had a beautiful smile on my face while I was asleep. Then I started wailing. So she woke me up and asked what was wrong? I said that Jesus came for me and I wanted to go with him. But he said it wasn't my time yet. I think he was checking up on me and the Lady in white was his mother, Mary.


After the experience I developed an almost photographic memory. I could sing a song after hearing it once. I could read and write at a very young age. Also, I was singing in a language my parents didn't recognize. So, my mom wrote it down to the best of her ability and asked our priest if he could tell what I was singing. He did some research and said the language is Aramaic and it was something to do with how I love the Lady of the Sea.
I know how this sounds, but it is all true. My Father is 85 years old and he can verify this. My one sister who is still living can also verify this.
I also developed a somewhat sense of ESP. I think this frightened my mother. There have been many occasions when I knew someone was going to die. My sister and I have seen spirits in different places where we lived.


I am almost convinced that by having the near-death experience, I was given this ability. I went through school and college (Forest Technology) with great grades without much effort. I love being in the woods and have excelled at my career and have just had some of the most wonderful experiences.
It is strange, but I was talking to my dad the other day about this experience. I said it is so weird that even today, if I am sick, the only thing I want is Red Hawaiian Punch. He said that makes perfect sense, since that is all I had when I was in the hospital. It was the only thing that I didn't throw back up.


In conclusion, I have to say that there are too many times to count, where I know I am constantly being watched over and kept out of harm's way; things that make me say, 'Thank you Jesus, I know that it is your hand of protection.'


If I have learned anything it is that life is a precious gift from God. I am so very far from perfect, but every day I try to do better and be a better person. After all, I have almost 58 years that I wouldn't have had, if it wasn't for the Lady-in-white coming to save me. And, I don't want to disappointment her.


Background Information
Gender:Female
Date NDE Occurred:10/1966
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Illness Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function)
How do you consider the content of your experience?Both pleasant AND distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?Yes.
I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. At that moment, I could feel and sense everything around me. I could feel the pain and suffering of the other children in the sick ward. I knew that one was deceased at the time the Lady saved me.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?The time when the Lady appeared to me and helped me back into my body.
Were your thoughts speeded up?Faster than usual
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?No
Were your senses more vivid than usual?More vivid than usual
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceWhen I died, I was confused but not scared. I could feel the emotions of the sick children around me. This is not something that I can do here in the physical world.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceMy hearing was pretty much the same, except that while I was dead it seemed to be quieter than normal.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?Yes, but the facts have not been checked out
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?No
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes I became aware of a dead child in the sick ward.
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes The light I saw was coming off the Lady-in-White that saved me.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm. Although I was still in the hospital sick ward for children, I was clearly out of my body.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?I was confused, then I felt peaceful.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?No
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about myself or others. I could understand what the other children were feeling.
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?No
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Christian- Catholic My family took me to church as I was 18 months old
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?No
What is your religion now?Christian- Catholic I have been to many other churches: Pentecostal, Baptist, Methodist
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. At 18 months old it is hard to say. But I am pretty sure that the confusion came from being dead and not going to heaven. We are taught when we die we go to heaven. Not that someone comes and tells you, you can't go there yet.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Uncertain I was 18 months old so I can't answer this question.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin. The Lady in White came to me and talked with me. She hid me from Death, the guy in a black robe. She told me it wasn't my time and put me back in my body.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)Yes I saw what I believe to be the blessed Mother, or an angel not sure. But I'm leaning towards thinking she is the blessed Mother. She didn't tell me her name.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes I didn't know that a supreme being could bring me back to life. And that I would be completely healed, when I was supposed to die.
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Yes at the moments I was speaking with the Lady, I could feel complete peace and acceptance. As a small child I knew that she was connected to everything.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes The lady in White came to me and spoke with me. Also, the guy in the black robe, who she told was death was looking for me. They are very real.
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Yes I know that prayers are answered. Or many prayers for many hours in this case. I know without a doubt that my family's prayers are the reason I am still alive.
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes The conversation with the Lady gave me insight that I wasn't meant for death to find me. Therefore, she wanted me to live and placed me back into my body. I had the sense of the feeling of life is a precious gift from God so don't waste it.
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Yes I was outside my body and I was on the floor looking up at it. I knew that I was dead and yet I was still there.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes The Lady in white radiated love with her white light. She saved me from death and I could feel peace and love radiate from her.
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Moderate changes in my life. I feel more connected to people and their problems. Stranger will come up and tell me their life story. Or random strangers ask me for help. I have been told more than once, I was their angel that God sent for to help them.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience. I was so very young that other things are hard to remember. I vividly remember the experience.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes I can find things without knowing where they are, I see spirits sometimes, I have dreams or visions of loved ones before they die. Sometimes I know things without an explanation or reason for knowing it. I hear a small voice sometimes to warn me of danger.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.I think the guy in the black robe while a little unsettling, really didn't scare me. To this day I know all things die eventually and this gives me a brighter outlook on death. As in I will see you again. So even if I am saddened by my love ones departure I smile because I know there is life after death and I will see you again. Sometimes in this world but definitely in the next.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes I have only told a few close friends and family about this. They usually say well that explains a lot. I don't know if I influenced them. I try to make them aware that life does not end and that there is another place.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?Uncertain at 18 months old I doubt it.
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real Because Jesus came to check on me in my dream (after I got home from the hospital) and I shouldn't have lived. But here I am!
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real With my family to tell me how sick I was and then just cured overnight, and from what I remember during the time I should have and did die, this is definitely real.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Uncertain I only know that many times I was in danger and was either told to not go down this road, or take the back road. I have been watched over and protected all my life. This is possibly a result of the experience I went through.
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?I think I covered it pretty good.
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?I think the questions covers everything.