Devon B NDE (13077)
Experience Description
When I was sixteen, my best and I were in a bad car accident. I was ejected from the vehicle and landed two feet from the pavement. When the ambulance got there, I was unresponsive. I had died; they say I was out about ten minutes or more.


I went to the most amazing place in heaven. There was a long, hilly golden-brick road with wheat on each side of me. In the distance, I saw a crystal city. I felt the most peace I've ever felt in my life. I did not want to leave. The best thing about being there was the euphoric feeling and the smell. It was not an earthly smell. It was heavenly, the most beautiful smell that was out of this world. If I could bottle the smell of heaven, I would be the richest person alive.



I came back to consciousness in the hospital. I broke my neck, my back, my pelvis and my sacrum. It took me a while to recover, but I did.



I got addicted to drugs and was on and off of them for years. I did not have a relationship with God until a couple years ago. My NDE all just came back to me that that really happened to me. Also, ever since I was 15 years old, I have had premonition dreams. I had a dream that I was in the car with my good friend Josh. We were in a car accident and I woke up thinking, 'Oh, it's just a dream. Thank God!' I went to school and my cousin came up to me crying. He told me that Josh had died.


I know that I'm special, but so are you - whoever is reading this. Children love me and I don't know why. I'm going on and telling you this, but one time a child looked at me. He was only six years old. He said, 'I know you, you're from the future.' Another time, a four or five year old little girl looked up as I was walking in the doctor's office. She said, 'Hey, mommy look at the angel,' and pointed at me.



Now that I've changed my life around, I try to do the right things and live for God. I know there is life after death and I know where I'm going. I have had dreams of hell though. And the devil is real. He smells like p*** and sulfur. But life can also be beautiful. Only you are in control of how much power you give him. Thank you for listening to me.


Background Information
Gender:Female
Date NDE Occurred:2001
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accident Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function)
How do you consider the content of your experience?Entirely pleasant
Did you feel separated from your body?No.
I lost awareness of my body
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. I knew I was home; I knew I was in heaven. The pathway, ending in two of the gates looked really long
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?Immediately when I wrecked my car
Were your thoughts speeded up?No
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning.
Yes, exactly. Everything seemed to just stop time. It just did not exist anymore. I don't know how long I was there. Like it says in the bible, one day is one thousand years
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceEverything was enhanced a hundred percent, and I was floating towards the pearly gates
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI did not hear anything
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?No
Did you see any beings in your experience?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?No
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Uncertain Everything was so bright, but I did not see like a tunnel or a big light.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm. It was clear that I was in heaven, but I really didn't know that I was dead
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?Peace, tranquility, Happiness.
Worthy
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?No
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?No
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Christian- Other Christian I attended a baptist church. I got saved and baptized at an early age but then I had a car accident at sixteen when my wild age hit.
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?No
What is your religion now?Christian- Other Christian After my experience, I got addicted to drugs and was on and off of them for years. About two years ago, I rededicated my life to Christ and I pray for his will and follow him
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was entirely consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. I believed in heaven and God, but I have my doubts of course, but now I know for sure
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Uncertain. It took me a while to come to grips. I really had to tell my story, and it was like an awakening. When I hit 37 years old, I knew I had been there and I needed to start telling people
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?No
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Yes I knew it was mystical because I wasn't on earth anymore
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Uncertain I knew before I died. God existed in my heart, but I never got to the gates of heaven and meet God.
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?No
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?No
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes I felt.
Loved it was like I knew I made it. And God loved me enough too. Let me come to heaven
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?No changes in my life
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?I don't know how to answer that
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?Yes I didn't want people to think I was crazy. I just it went on about my life for so many years, and then realized I had a purpose and it was to tell my testimony I have taking classes to get my testimony at churches around the area and celebrate recovery.
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Uncertain. I actually told you earlier, I have premonition dreams and I have premonitions. Things happen to me a lot
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.The smell beautiful, most euphoric, a smell priceless smell
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes About 5 years, I believe I shared it with my husband my memory is not that great, but I'm here recently. Just since I hit age thirty-seven I have been sharing it more because I think the devil really just had a hold on me and did not want me to share it. And led me down, dark road for a while
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?Uncertain I had probably seen something about it on TV, but it never sunk in. I used to believe in reincarnation. I thought that I was going to be a cat in my next life
when I died
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. It was bittersweet. I was back with my family alive, but that smell and that feeling is what's gone
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real. It was real; it was not some DMT. Or anything like that? I know that we go to heaven to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord. I just wasn't completely dead and he wasn't done with me
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Uncertain Don't understand the question. I've had dreams, but nothing like my NDE
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?It's the most significant thing that has ever happened to me. The best thing.
And I feel truly blessed. To have experienced it, and yeah, I'm trying to find out what and why and why? How I can serve Jesus? Because he showed me this for A. Reason what can I do with my life now to help his church and his people, all of us. A woman prophet, and she is a real prophet, not a false prophet, removed a demon off me while I was in the county jail, and she touched my head and told me I was daughter Zion, and that significantly has an effect on me
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?Was very detailed and intense, and I enjoyed it but now I'm ready to go to sleep.