Jason D NDE (13181)
Experience Description
I was a heroin addict for over 20 years. I had overdosed several times before and was saved with Narcan. Before my experience, I did not have any recollection of anything.



On 11/26/20, I overdosed on heroin laced with Fentanyl. I was with my girlfriend at the time and she was asleep next to me. I woke up early and decided to do a shot of heroin. It was a new batch from a dealer I didn't really know. I immediately knew something was wrong when it hit me so hard. All I could do was smack my girlfriend on the back and say, 'help.'


The next thing I knew, I was catapulted down and out of my body into what seemed like a cold, dark well to land in what seemed like cold, dark water. I heard terrible screams, along with horrible, hellish sounds. I saw entities coming out of the water and they were trying to pull me under water with them. I distinctly remember when they telepathically communicated to me that I belonged with them there. I was struggling and fighting to breathe. With one last strong attempt to break free, I was able to take a deep breath. I was rocketed back into my body.


I opened my eyes and my girlfriend was hysterical above me. She said I had been dead for several minutes with no heartbeat and no breathing. I had turned deep blue and my lips were purple. She had administered 4 doses of Narcan, to no avail. She was giving me CPR in between doses and she remembered where we had one last dose of Narcan. That 5th dose brought me out of my heroin overdose and saved my life.


It was a horrible experience, like nothing I've ever experienced. But it made me believe that there is another dimension we don't truly understand.


Today I've been sober for a little over 4 years. That experience alone shook me to my foundation and made me rethink what I was doing to myself in active addiction.


I'm not religious, but I do adhere to eastern philosophy and Buddhist ideals today.


Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:11/26/2020
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Drug or medication overdose CPR given Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function)
Fentanyl overdose
How do you consider the content of your experience?Entirely distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?No.
I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. This experience seemed more real than real, if that makes any sense. To me this wasn't a dream as it was really happening.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?Immediately going into this experience and throughout.
Were your thoughts speeded up?No
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?No
Were your senses more vivid than usual?More vivid than usual
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI was extremely more aware of what was happening during the experience compared to my normal drugged daily life of a heroin addict.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceIt was very detailed. The sounds were absolutely horrible and frightening. What I was hearing was pain, anger, anguish, despair, and taunting.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes, not so much a tunnel but more like a well. It was a deep well that was enclosed all around me; more like a vertical tunnel that was full of cold, black liquid.
Did you see any beings in your experience?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?No
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?No
Did you see an unearthly light?No
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm. A deep, dark, and cold well; like the type used for water.
What emotions did you feel during the experience?fear, desperation, and the realization that I did not want to die.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?No
Did you have a feeling of joy?No
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?No
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?No
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a definite conscious decision to return to life. I remember not wanting to be pulled under with these beings. I fought to free myself. In my active addiction, I had secretly hoped one day I would overdose and that would be it. Then, I wouldn't have to worry about addiction any longer. During this experience, I was made painfully aware that I did not want to die anymore.
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Unaffiliated- Atheist
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes I've started meditating, reading eastern philosophy, and lean towards Buddhist beliefs. I honestly believe now that our consciousness continues after our bodies perish.
What is your religion now?Buddhist
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was entirely not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. During my addiction I wanted to die, had suicidal ideology, and was tired of the daily struggle to get enough money so that I wasn't going through withdrawals. Once the experience happened, during, and afterwards, I knew I no longer wanted to die.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes I was made aware of how wrong I had been living and how I desperately needed to change.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin. Out of the cold, dark liquid, I was fighting to get out and away from many formless entities without facial features that were coming out of the "water" and trying to pull me under. It's like they and the liquid were one and the same.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes I did not want to die
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes I felt like I wanted to live. That this couldn't be the end and that I had more life to live. This experience ultimately became the driving force in my ability to get sober and remain sober for over 4 years now.
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Yes my experience was so real. I knew that if I didn't go back, I would possibly be stuck in this nightmarish experience forever.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?No
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life. I've thought about this so much over the years. What was the purpose of this experience, was it my consciousness trying to warn me of the path that I was on? That just doesn't seem to make sense. I can definitely say that it made me realize that if in death these entities/beings who could only be described as evil or negative wanted me with them, that I too was evil and bad.
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Yes I value life and the feelings and property of others.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience. I was in active opiate addiction. Everything was a blur for years prior to my experience, but this experience was so real and has stuck with me in precise detail since it happened.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes very strong intuition of things that will happen. I have gut feelings on choices I make. I constantly see the numbers 11:11 and 4:44 in the time and in other places. I joined the remote viewing tournament app and have a very good record of correctly guessing what the target image will be.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.the entire experience
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes I told my girlfriend about it immediately after I came back to my body.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?Yes I've heard of people seeing a bright light at the end of a tunnel but always dismissed it. I do not believe hearing those stories had anything to do with my experience.
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. It happened; more real than waking life. I had this insight immediately after and still do today.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real. It happened. more real than waking life. I had this insight immediately after and still do today.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?No
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?I can't think of anything to add