William L NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 5042
Experience Description
Day one at hospital, I experienced two deaths with no account of an NDE.

Day two at the hospital, I experienced my third death and the NDE. At the time of the NDE I was in much distress and knew that I was about to die. I had enough time to tell the hospital staff to express my love for my family and slowly slipped away from life. I had a feeling of leaving my body in total darkness and suddenly found myself atop a mezzanine metal catwalk in an industrial setting. Everything in this environment was a different shade of red but distinguishable. It was then that I fell from an edge flipping, flipping, flipping, down until I landed into a vast pile of gigantic 'worm-like' creatures possessing large claws and teeth. When I first landed on them I was on top of them and then slowly slipped beneath them.
Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:Nov. 2007
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accidental overdose. Body had 4.5 times the lethal dose at death experience. Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function or brain function) Accidental overdose on aspirin with codeine. Body had four and half times the lethal dose at death experience.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Frightening
The experience includedOut of body experience
Did you feel separated from your body?Yes I lost awareness of my body
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?Normal consciousness and alertness As above.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?When I was falling knowing where I was going to land and of course on what!
Were your thoughts speeded up?Incredibly fast
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceEnvironment was different shades of red.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?Yes, and the facts have been checked out
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?No
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes Worm-like creatures.
The experience includedDarkness
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?No
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?No
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?Terror and sadness. A sense that I deserved it.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about the universe
Did scenes from your past come back to you?My past flashed before me, out of my control
Did scenes from the future come to you?Scenes from the world's future
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a barrier that I was not permitted to cross; or was sent back against my will
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Moderate
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?No
What is your religion now?Moderate
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?No
The experience includedPresence of unearthly beings
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Uncertain Unable to express.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?No
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.No.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes Shared it with family and friends since waking from this in the intensive care unit at the hospital. Mixed reactions and uncertain if it caused any influence on them.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?Yes Television shows and had no effect.
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real I couldn't believe I went where I went. I had always believed that I was a relatively 'good' person and that I would likely go to heaven or experience peace when I move on to spirit.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real I have been unable to stop thinking about it and why I went where I went.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?No
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?Not that I can think of at this time.