Van I NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9053
Experience Description
The experience is far too long and detailed to write down here in full detail. In what was approximately 25 to 30 mins in our time was approximately 3 days time in the experience.

After collapsing dead, of which I was not aware of as it must have been rather sudden, the entire events of my life went through my mind in an instant. I would say this process took less than a second; a fraction of a second. It was rather complete as it reminded me of many things I had entirely forgotten about years prior. Immediately after this some mechanism in my mind triggered automatically that caused me to involuntarily judge myself. There was no rational or conscious though to this whatsoever. It was instant and involuntary. As if an unknown program in my mind had suddenly activated and executed. The judgement must have been bad because of what happened next. I do not actually know what the judgement of myself was since there was no inner voice speaking or any sort of way of knowing internally.

Immediately I fell through the earth as if the earth were no longer solid and I were sky diving or something. I do not really know how to put this experience into words as there is nothing I can draw upon to explain it except to say that I literally fell through the soil, rocks, minerals, water, etc. It was not so much a tunnel as just literally passing through the solids, which at this point were anything but solid. As if the bonds of the atoms making of the earth were of no consequence and I simply passed through it. I could see rocks, grains of sand, soils, etc passing through my eyes. Although I could sense the things passing through me there was no friction and no pain. It was, however, rather terrifying.

After, what seemed quite some time falling I slammed into a floor in the hallway. This hurt very bad and the floor was extremely hard and flat and very cold. After I managed to regain my composure and stand up I realized I had hit a highly polished green marble floor within a hallway leading is two directions lined with doors on both sides. The walls of the hallways were also covered in the same green marble tiles. These times were quite large in size being something like 28 to 36 inches square. There were highly polished as if perfectly smooth. Even smoother than fine glass and highly reflective. The hallways was well light and evenly lit even though I saw no lights anywhere.

At this time I was very confused and very panicked. I ran down one direction the hallway only to find no end and just more and more doors lining the hallway. So I decided to open a door and see if I could figure out where I was and what was going on.

Behind this door was an empty room except for a woman and a toilet in the middle of the room and she was cleaning the toilet while on her knees. She was dressed in worn and dirty clothes and she ignored me until I spoke to her. I asked her who she was, where I was and what was going on. She told me to go away and leave her alone. She then said, 'He is always watching....go away.' I asked her to stop and talk to me and she said, 'I can't!' I asked he to please stop what she was doing and explain to me what was going on. She simple said, he is always watching. I must clean the toilet. I again asked her to stop and she said she could not and to leave immediately.

I went to another door down the hallway and opened it and there was a man strapped to what looked like a barber's chair being force fed food by three women. The man was unable to speak as he mouth was never empty of feed being shoved into his mouth. There was a table next to the chair full of food and as the women picked up more food and forced into the man's mouth, then new food would appear on the table to replace what had been taken and used. One of the women yelled at me to leave. I asked what was going on and where was I and the woman shouted, 'You don't know!' and laughed at me. She told me, 'He is always watching and we can't stop' and told me to leave shouting at me.

I ran again quite some distance but the hallway did not change. Just endless green marble and doors on both sides. I finally opened a 3rd door to find another man strapped to a chair with three beautiful naked women dancing around him as if they were teasing him. I tried again to find out what was going on, but the women ignored me and the man was unable to speak as his mouth was gagged. So, I again ran down the hallway deciding in my mind that if I continued in the same direction then at some point I would reach and end or junction or something. I ran very far but I was unable to find an end to the hallway or to the doors that lined the hallway.

I reached a point of physical exhaustion and stopped when suddenly a man appeared. He was about 6 foot 2 inches tall, had jet black hair and white skin. He was dressed in a fine suit and black tie. He opened a door next to us and asked me to step into the room with him and that he would explain everything to me. I walked into the room and the first thing I noticed is that this room was about 3 or 4 times the size of the previous rooms I had seem. The room contained two chairs and a very long banquet table with nothing but a white table cloth on the table that ran the entire length of the table. He asked me to sit down, so I took a chair.

He look at me and asked if I knew who he was. When this man spoke it was the best use of language I had ever heard a person use in my life. This man was obviously extremely skilled in language and words. His use of language of comforting and soothing. In addition, this man was extremely good looking and perfectly manicured/groomed and his suit was very well tailored. I explained to him I have no idea where I was or how I got here. He said he wasn't expecting me but was happy nonetheless to see me there. He wouldn't answer my questions about where I was and instead brought up other things to talk about. He asked if I was hungry and I said I guess so but that is not what I was really concerned about at the moment. I turned at looked at the table and it was full of food. The food was very fancy and looked amazing. He asked me to have something to eat and that he would explain everything to me. So not knowing what to do I sampled some food. I do not remember exactly what I sampled, except I do remember it probably the best thing I had ever tasted.

I asked him who the woman was that I saw in a room who was cleaning a toilet and why she wouldn't talk to me. The man said that no one in any room would talk to me as they are not allowed to. He explained that the woman was cleaning the toilet forever because the toilet never gets clean and that one things she really hated in life was cleaning toilets. I said, well if she hates it then why doesn't she just stop. The man said, she can't stop. I was rather confused.

I asked about the man being forced to eat food continuously and the other man with the three naked women dancing around him. The man said that the man being force fed loved food much in life and was glutenous and the other man loved sex in life and now would spend eternity looking at the most beautiful women but never being allowed to touch them.

The man asked me again if I knew who he was. I said no but at this point I was getting very afraid and things were not good and things were looking very bad and very weird. The man stood before me and announced that he was Satan and he welcomed me to his palace. I immediately stood up and said to him I had to leave and that I should not he here.

Under normal circumstances I would dismiss such a person as a lunatic, however, given what I had seen thus far and given what I what I was feeling inside I half believed this man.

I ran out of the room and began running down the hallway again... the endless hallway. It felt futile but I was scared and continued running. I could he the man laughing behind me. Suddenly I could hear him in my head saying, 'where are you going? There is no escape'

I ran and ran for what seemed like literally an hour or more, and then I finally found another hallways which was perpendicular and also went in two directions, except that this new hallway was red marble. I began running down this hallway in one direction hoping to find an exit and all the while I could hear the man in mind saying things to me. I do not remember everything he said as at this point I was in pure panic just running and trying to get away. However, basically he was telling me that I could not escape from his palace and that I could not stop from hearing his voice in my head, and so forth.

I ran for what seemed like a very long time until I came upon another junction where I stopped. This new hallways was white marble but had no doors on the walls. I paused for a brief time, then started walking down this white hallway when suddenly something behind me starting yelling at me to stop. I ran like hell as fast I could. This things was chasing me down the hallway and I had no idea what it was. It looked like a giant head with no legs or arms or body. As I ran down the hall the white marble turned to white plaster and as I continued to run the white plaster walls began to appear to have body parts in the walls. As I ran farther and farther it became apparent the there were people plastered into the walls and they were still alive. Then the plaster turned into a flexible white material the the people in the walls were trying to grab me. The thing chasing me down the hall continued to tell at me to stop but I didn't. I finally came to the end of the and it was a dead end. I was so scared I actually ran straight into the dead at which point I remember the pain of my face and body being pressed again the wall at the end of the hall, but before I fell down the thing chasing me slammed right into the back of me pushing me through the wall and into a complete darkness.

The darkness of totally void of light. I could see nothing. I do not know if I was falling or floating or flying. I did not sense gravity anymore. I think at some point I became motionless. Then a white light appeared and came forth and complete engulfed me and I found myself in a room, I think. I don't know where I was actually. It was like a room, but there were no walls or ceiling or floor, just this incredible white light everywhere. Then a different man came toward me and asked me to sit down and suddenly a chair appeared behind me and so I say down. This man came and sit in another chair about 8 feet in front of me. He asked me if I was OK.

I told the man I felt a lot of pain as I had just hit a solid wall and then was pushed through it all the while feeling every bone in my body being snapped and crushed. Yet somehow, now I was alright... I seemed alright anyway. I asked the man who he was and he said, well first don't you want to know where you were previously and who the other man was? I said, that he told me he was Satan and this man said that was correct and that I was in a part of hell, however, now I was safe.

I asked where I was now and the man explained to me that I was in a realm constructed so we could have a conversation. I asked who he was and he said he was God. I didn't know what to think at this point. But, I asked him why he saved me from hell... or if that was want he did? He said he did in fact save from hell and that he saved me because he did not want me dead yet.

in a nutshell I spent approximately 2 days with God in this white realm talking to him. He allowed me to ask any questions I wanted to ask and he gave the answers he wanted to give. He told me what happened to me and who it was that placed the drugs in my drink.

He told me that he would repair my body and that I would fell no pain and I would be fine and to go home.

At the conclusion of this he told me that he wanted to me to go to college and not stop until he told me to and that he would speak to me again. I thanked him and then I was suddenly back in my body. I woke up to find all my friend staring at me and then panicking. I got up and told them that (name omitted) had put drugs in my drink and that none of them were my friends anymore. I asked them how long I was laying there and they said about 30 mins and that one of them ran down the mountain to go call the ambulance (we were up in the mountains at night hiking in the desert) because I did not breath the entire time and they couldn't get a pulse on me or heart my heart beating and I turned totally blue and that they tried mouth to mouth but nothing worked. I said I was fine because God saved me and I turned around and left and walked down the mountain by myself. And I've never had anything to do with those people again since.

I went to university achieving 3 degrees with good grades and hardly any money. Prior to this my college career was a disaster. At the conclusion of my last Master's degree God came and spoke to me again and told me I was done with my education. He has put me into service since doing other things he has wanted done. Mainly passing messages to various churches for awhile and speaking with various people.

He and his angels periodically come and speak to me. I have seen the devil a second time as well, except it was on Earth the second time and he recognized me and was pretty angry about it but left me alone knowing God told him to stay away from me.

There are a ton of things that happened since this as this experience has never really ended and is an ongoing thing, but this is basically what happened in the initial experience. I've also had to leave out a lot of details simple due to the length of the text. One important detail I should mention is that when I was in hell I realized there as no escape because you can't kill yourself or be killed because you are already dead. That was the most frightening thing I've ever felt... that you can't even escape through death and that Satan buries himself deep in your head the whole time and controls you like a puppet.

Thank you.

Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:1994
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Drug or medication overdose Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) Someone put a large amount of meth on my drink without telling me, after some time a collapsed dead. No breathing, no pulse.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Both pleasant AND distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?No I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal If my level of consciousness in life were on a scale of 1 to 10 (10 being maximum level) then this experience would be like 100000000000 as x approaches infinity. This would became insignificant. This would is the tip of a very small needle that is inside a vast endless ocean.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?I do not know for certain. Perhaps when I realized I could not die in Hell and that Satan was in my head.
Were your thoughts speeded up?Incredibly fast
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning I do not know how to explain time in these other dimensions (and I call them dimension for lack of a better descriptive word. Realms I suppose). Time is fairly irrelevant and appears detached in these realms. A second in our time during life might be hours or days in the other realms. Yet, speaking of hours or days really doesn't make sense to be honest. Speaking of time in the other realms is like trying to project something I know from my life on to a totally different construct that is void of time. If I use the idea of time while speaking about the other realms it is because I am trying to convey a meaning to someone who has no idea what I am talking about, but time really has no meaning in these realms.
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceMy vision was perfect. My hearing was perfect. My sensory input was perfect. My thoughts were clear, concise, decisive and fast as lightning. I only realized this was the case later on as I was removed from my flesh during the experience.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experiencePerfect. Much better.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere, as if by ESP?Yes, but the facts have not been checked out
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?No
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes I've meet some family members going back very far. I've meet people I do not know as well. In particular I met a woman who died in the 1900s who was some kind of actress (not a famous one though). She was murdered. I do not know her name though.
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes Bright white light everywhere and not coming from any discernible source. it was just everywhere almost like a perfectly distributed fog or something.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm As I explained I fell through the earth into Hell, then into a black void, then into a white realm, then back to this 3 dimensional space.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?Fear (in hell) beyond that which would kill you if you were alive in this world. Also, great joy and comfort (with God). A lot of sorrow and sadness for the people in hell. Perhaps even a new emotion I can't put into words. I can only describe as a form of joyful indifference to this world in a lot of ways now and knowing this is nothing compared to what is really out there.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt no longer in conflict with nature
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about myself or others For a brief moment I did and I still have the memory of that, but not now that I am back. I am aware that while in the realms all things make sense, but that they can't while you are here.
Did scenes from your past come back to you?My past flashed before me, out of my control For an instant in time I was aware of every moment of my life. This included, every smell, every feelings (physical), every emotion in time, every thought, every action, every taste, everything as if it was recorded in perfect detail.
Did scenes from the future come to you?Scenes from the world's future Yes, but I prefer not to speak about them unless it is to someone who seriously wants to listen and absorb it. They are disturbing and frustrating. People do not listen nor will they, what is predetermined is predetermined, the only thing is what path the people want to take to get there. I do not think there are enough people here who truly what to do God's work to change his mind and what he wants to do. People like to illusion of being in control. They aren't willing to face what it really takes to get into heaven because most of that is contradictory to how we construct our lives here.
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a barrier that I was not permitted to cross; or was sent back against my will I was sent back by God. There was no border in the physical sense. It was a dimensional thing. I did not want to return to my body or my life but I was sent back by God. I had no choice in the matter. I wanted to stay with God.
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Unaffiliated- Atheist Did not believe in God.
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes I know God exists now.
What is your religion now?Christian- Other Christian Christian science. Experience converted me.
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was entirely not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience I didn't believe in any of this God mumbo jumbo at the time. I was purely science based in my thinking. Some cells come together and multiple and grow and you turn into a person and learn things from other people and live a life and die and turn back into dirt that feeds the next batch of trees and people. That is what I believed at the time. I am 180 degrees from that now. Yes, there is a God. He is real. And all the things that come with a God being real. He has a personality. He likes to laugh and have fun too. He does get mad. That is why we are how we are. We are made in his image. Regardless, we didn't come from nothing... think about how ridiculous it is to say we came from nothing. I've never had a sandwich spontaneously appear from nothing on my desk. God could do that though. Hell, he did it with the whole universe.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes I never wanted kids. Now I have kids and family. I wanted to be rich and all that. I could care less now. etc.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin I met Satan and God. Since I have meet Satan a second time (a difference experience) and many of God's angels. I have also met some people who are not alive and now are in their true form (the true form of a person is light).
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)Yes I've met Jesus once, but that was a difference experience about 15 years later. But you need to understand that all these experiences are related and continuous.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Yes It is a network. That is the best description I can give you. It is like the internet on a grand scale that goes way beyond this silly universe we exist in. You are wired into God's network whether you know it or not. And when you die you will either take all your experiences back to him and join in this network or your will be disconnected and sent to hell.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes I met him and and talked to him many times since. He is real. I was a total unbeliever prior to this. Know I am what I like to call a 'knower'. That is to mean I haven't faith that he exists... I KNOW he exists because I've met him as clear as when you go outside and met your neighbor. You do not have faith your neighbor exists. You KNOW they do because you've seen them and met them.
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Uncertain Well, I got to experience something that few people get to experience sure. But special knowledge. I do not know about that since most of the knowledge was already given to people but they just do not want to read it or live it or accept it. There is more specific knowledge sure, but the general knowledge has been out there for over 2000 years and even longer.
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes I asked God to his face (since he allowed me to talk to him) what the purpose of life was. He laughed at me and said why do people dwell on such simple things so much. I said, well, what is the answer then. He said it is very simple. The purpose of life is 'to live'. In addition to this, life in and of itself is defined to be 'motion'. As far as having a purpose while alive that is assigned to each person and it is their job to discover it while living and before death. It could be as simple as making a cake for someone. But whatever it is your task, everyone's task, is to figure out their purpose and do it at least once before they die.
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?An afterlife definitely exists Yes I've been there. There are difference existences after life. Hell is one realm. Heaven is another. The black void is yet another. The white light realm is yet another. They all serve a purpose and I do not know what all of them are for. However, hell if pretty much to store the people who aren't going heaven because their way of thinking isn't compatible with heaven (due to the powers you acquire once in heaven). Heaven is a reward for what you bring back to God (you bring back your life experiences to him. He needs these for some reason I do not know exactly why except to say that he needs them). The white realm is some kind of construct to meet and greet people without exposing them to heaven or hell. And I have no idea what the black void is. It is total darkness... total void. You do not want to be there. There is nothing there. And there could be other realms I am not aware of, but these are the four I have seen. Well 5 if you count this universe as well (what I call the 3D realm).
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?Yes Follow the rules and stop breaking them. They are clearly laid out, but people do not want to follow them. Also never deny your father or his son. Even if confronted with death. Love your father. Love your father's son, for he is your brother. You will find that much of the world is in opposition to God... so what? Are you here to please the world or to please your father?
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?Yes No of it matters. Literally. You are here to pass a test and that is all that matters. Pass the test and graduate. Fail the test and go to hell. This is like a quality and control issue. Or you can think of it like high school. However, you want to view it, pass the test and join God.
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes This is damned near impossible for me to explain, except to say that the opposite of love is indifference (not hate). Satan loves for you to be in hell and is completely indifferent to you. He does not hate you. He just doesn't give a damn about you at all except for what he want you to do for him. Love is being what your father wants you to be and joining him in the end. Love is not acceptance of other people. That is a fast track to hell by the way. Love is being the person your father wants you to be the best you can and trying to be that with all your heart because you love your father.
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life Money doesn't mean jack. It really doesn't. As weird as that sounds and as difficult as people find that absorb and accept, it is true.
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Yes I stopped messing around with girls and got married and got serious. I stopped treating people bad in many ways. I've become incompatible with the business world in many ways.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?Yes Impossible I would say. I can express some details in words but the words will never convey the true meaning or feelings or the depth of the experience(s).
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience. No matter how many days go by it all happened as if it was yesterday. It is permanently burned into my memory.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes I don't think of it as psychic or special or gifts. It isn't anything that any other person couldn't do if they wanted to and many do. I see and talk to God, angels, demons, etc.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.Getting to heaven and teaching kids how to get there.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes Only a few people. Most people either don't care or would think you crazy and it is wasted time and effort trying to talk to most people. They are too busy watching TV or something useless.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?Uncertain I had a very bad severe reaction to a vaccination of a baby and also stopped breathing and turned blue and heart stopped at that time. Some how I came back and survived that. As a result I can not be vaccinated. Regardless, I do not remember it since I was a baby. I do not know if it is related or not. Some times I think it is though.
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was probably real Shortly after I was not sure. I was very confused and scared. It took some time for me to sort it all out in my head. I knew something real happened, but what was the question.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real 100% certain.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Yes God and angels talk to me periodically.
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?Not at this time. I am tried of typing and it is early in the morning and I need to sleep.
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?I do not know.