Ronald B NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9152
Experience Description
I am going to turn 62. I had a full NDE as a child around age 5. The NDE altered my Pineal Gland function and increased it. I have done quite a bit of reading on the pineal gland and its spiritual function. Since that NDE, I have encountered a Night Entity, Meta Human or Alien Being, Shadow Beings, Ghosts, Demonic entities, UFO's, Spirit Animal, Light Beings, Wraiths and supposedly one Arch Angel.

NDE: We went swimming in a creek out in the country. My relatives pointed out to stay away from the left side since someone had unexplainably drowned there. I was in an innertube paddling around when I started hearing something from the left side of the creek. It was drawing me to that area. I slowly made my way over to the area without anyone noticing. It teased me to lift my arms up. I immediately slid out of the tube and went under. I came up one time with a mouth full of water and tried to call for help. No one heard me at all. I went down again and started slowly sinking. I struggled but. to no avail. I drowned and no one noticed. The light started in front of me and began to get brighter. I still remember my Soul leaving my body and how we merged. The Soul/Conscious separating from the physical body is the most pleasurable feeling you will ever experience. It is pure ecstasy. I flowed into the tunnel of light with my Soul. I was moving very fast and passing doorways on the side of the light tunnel. Then an image started coming into view. It was moving towards us. The pinchers came into view. Then the black round eyes. I was blocked by an entity and then forced back. My Soul and I smashed into this being. (We were not solid. But, spirit) This happened 3 times before we were knocked totally backwards. The being had a crustacean appearance with a shell body, pinchers and black round eyes. I called it the crawfish man since that moment. Me and my Soul did hurt it. However, my conscious self was only 5 years old and not ready for fighting spiritual beings. The spiritual forces I dealt with were too much for me. The next thing that happened was I was on the bank of the creek throwing up water as people worked on me. My mother had finally noticed my tube floating down the creek. Relatives were diving to the bottom until someone finally found me. The being initially pulling me over to the left side of the creek was a Demonic Entity. They will show at later times in my life. In 1998, I went to a psychic for a reading. It was at the urging of a friend of mine. In her waiting room there was either a Book or an Encyclopedia of Angels. I thumbed thru it while waiting and came upon the Metatron. The book listed it as the right hand of God or the highest of Angels. It had pinchers, black round eyes and crustacean body. Finding that Being was shocking. I am not religious at all nor do I believe in Angels. Read Psalm 82 followed by Genesis 1:26. A one god does not exist. It was an assembly of gods/Gods, which is explained.

Soul: What came first you or your Soul? Your Soul. Is your Soul intelligent? Yes, it is. You and the Soul are in a symbiotic relationship. The Soul tries to help you during your life if it can get thru. It also opens up a spiritual doorway to hear other Beings. Your Soul does not die and you do. You record yourself onto your Soul just like recording music onto a CD. When you start out in life it is 99% Soul and 1% you. As you progress in life the percentage starts changing. It shifts from 99% Soul to a lesser number as your Conscious is recorded more and more. The recording of yourself you place on your Soul is what is carried over. However, the recording of your (Conscious Mind) can interfere with the Souls journey once you die. That Conscious recording gets so strong that it will not let the Soul begin its journey. Religion is a major problem for Souls. The Conscious Mind recorded onto the Soul goes into turmoil at death because there are no streets of gold, Peter at the gates, Jesus with open arms, no angels and so on. This turmoil is blocking the Soul. Souls get stuck and in some cases by entering a new born baby so it can wipe out the recording that's on it. Everything your Conscious Mind expects is not there after it was programmed with religion. There was a boy who had severe nightmares of dying in a fighter plane in WWII. When he reached his preteenager years the nightmares started fading. This is because the new developing conscious mind started wiping out the old one recorded on it. The Conscious Mind is one of the biggest enemies a Soul will encounter in this world. The Conscious Mind can be negatively programmed by its environment such as religion. In addition, many people have a natural fear of the unknown. All this programming affects how you interpret spiritual happenings. Again, at the time of death. Either you and your Soul work together or you get stuck here. There is no such thing as death. It is a transition of conscious.

OBE: Many people confuse the OBE with the NDE. Once you go into a deep trance state the CONSCISOUS MIND is shut down. This gives the SUBCONSCIOUS the opportunity to come up. That promotes the OBE. Those who are having a full NDE enter the Tunnel of Light. Remember, there is a difference in what is happening in an OBE and an NDE. When people have surgery and are placed in a sleeping state. The Conscious Mind is shutdown. This leads to the surgical related OBE. People who are not in a death state are having an OBE. Again, so many people confuse the OBE with an NDE. I have witnessed an OBE happen at a Monroe Institute session. The woman was crying hysterically after leaving her physical body. I attended that session and caused that to happen. Whether a NDE or OBE is happening. People keep their sight in a spiritual state.

Soul Travel: The departing of the Soul from the body is pure ecstasy. The release from the physical body is amazing. The Soul knows what to do. You just have to trust it. I had no choice but, to go along for the ride. I still had sight capabilities with extended feelings. Edgar Cayce describes Souls as empathic. He was right. I saw a TV show where the person having an NDE was passing train stations in a train. That person's CONSCIOUS MIND was influencing their interpretation of what was happening. Again, in the Tunnel of Light your passing doorways on its side. That person's Conscious Mind changed that to a train passing stations. The Conscious Mind tried to put the whole incident into a physical explanation even though it was a spiritual experience. Something that person would understand because they were from the physical world. However, why was that person’s journey stopped?

Spiritual World: There are several groups. The good beings trying to help, there are the tricksters (mentioned in Norse/American Indian lore, etc.) and then the bad beings. The good beings are not omnipotent nor are they in totally in tune with this world. However, they are on our side. The Tricksters give out a lot of bad information when people tap into them. Many Psychics are channeling Tricksters. Unfortunately, so many people think that if they channel a being that it must be the truth. Many time’s it's the opposite. The Tricksters are the majority of the spirit world group. Edgar Cayce (Psychic) was published in books prophesying of massive earth changes destroying parts of the United States. He was ridiculed for these false predictions. This was because he channeled a Trickster named Haliell. He stopped channeling this being after it was proven it was inaccurate. Cayce learned about Tricksters the hard way.

People: There really are only 2 kinds of people in the world. They are either Physical or Spiritual or a blend of both. They physical people are grounded in the physical reality or acts. They are the vast majority in this world. The Spiritual people are seeking the truth or unknowingly trying to increase their Soul connection. The Soul connection opens up a channel for your Soul to guide in this life. All humans are flawed. What is important is what’s in their hearts.

Mind Wars: There is a constant battle with the Conscious Mind suppressing the Subconscious. The Conscious Mind never wants to give up control while suppressing the Soul, Subconscious and spiritual side. In addition, the Conscious Mind is terrified of death. We develop our Conscious Mind as we grow up. A child's mind is totally different in way it operates. When a child goes to preteenager, they really start developing a Conscious Mind. Young children have a very innocent way of looking at things and are intuitive. The Conscious Mind is getting its roots in at the end of preteen years. The adult mind is the final product

The Conscious Mind grabs onto Religion because it promises eternal life. The Soul/Subconscious knows the truth. Religion is just a Death Insurance policy with no complaint department. Religion contributes to the Conscious Mind misinterpreting an OBE or NDE. People get preconceived notions of the afterlife based on religion. The fear of death causes people to reach for anything that supposedly keeps them alive. You record yourself onto your Soul just like you record music on a CD. That recording of you is what crosses over with the Soul. The Conscious Mind sees death as the final problem. It will believe anything to stop the death process. Religion keeps you and the Soul from finding each other in this world. Religion says it will take care of you after death. Only your Soul can do that.

I noticed the NDE Groups have gone the wrong way. Again, many are having an OBE and labeling it an NDE. They want people to tell their NDE/OBE stories. But, have no way of understanding them. Part of their problem is the Conscious Mind affecting their interpretation of what happened in the NDE or the OBE mistaken for an NDE. I passed at 5 years old before I was programmed like most people.

Some people talk about feeling God's love during the OBE or NDE. That's wrong. Once you begin to separate from your physical body the feeling is pure ecstasy and is not God's love. However, the Conscious Mind tries to interfere with a religious spin on it. That's because the Conscious Mind gets programmed by religion. It places a religious connotation on all NDE or experiences. The religious programming people go thru totally disconnects them from their Soul and what is really happening. Another thing I noticed is some of NDE recipient are aware they are not alone. However, they can't even recognize their Soul is with them or that they recorded themselves onto their Soul.

The Search for Significance: (Christian Book) Many people have to tie themselves to something of significance to give meaning to their lives. Sports teams, Singers, and Rock Groups have followers. The biggest group of followers are the religious ones. To tie your life to a God is the highest thing you can do and give meaning to life. The teaching is that you cheat death because religion protects you from dying. The teachings require you to shut down the mind and not accept other inputs.

Demonic Entities: The Bible states there are demonic entities. (This part of the Bible is truthful) Demonic Entities are real and active. These entities wiped out the elder gods referred to in Psalm 82 and Genesis 1-26. They wiped out the Indian/Eastern Gods referred to in Zachariah Sitchen’s book series. They have wiped out numerous civilizations on the earth. They were the movers and shakers in creating religion. Religion keeps people from connecting with the Soul and spiritual side. Religion has set the world back for thousands of years. The majority of people can’t stand to hear a different version of death other than the Bible version. Demonic entities are intelligent and are masters are manipulating people.

So many children locked themselves in refrigerators and freezers when I was growing up and it was going on for decades before I was born. They all had locking handles on the door. The government banned the locks after thousands of children died after crawling inside of these death traps. I remember the pressure the bad beings put on me to get into a refrigerator. I was able to resist it because my subconscious and Soul kept me from making a mistake. We are in a spiritual war that wipes out countless people. Now the demonic beings pressure kids into using drugs.

Sleep Paralysis (Demonic Entities): I defeated the sleep paralysis after it started attacking me in early 2001. It never came back. Because of the NDE and changes to my inner being. I can home into a problem and fix it.

*People have dreams of them running, falling or in motion. The minute a sleep paralysis starts you focus your mind on running. Do not even think about the paralysis. Fear is the mind killer. You feel the wind rushing by you as you run. You feel yourself running. You must be patient but, when you focus on moving/running you are ending the sleep trance you are in. After less than 5 minutes you go to an awake state and break the paralysis. Once you get control the bad beings stop focusing on you in that manner. They lost this round. The bad beings target people for one reason. To instill fear of the unknown. (Cattle mutilations also install fear) Instilling fear shuts down the spiritual side of a person and stops them from progressing spiritually. They are afraid to pursue the unknown because of the hurt or fear they felt. The bad or demonic entities have been here since the world started. They know how manipulate people to the max.

Healers: Spiritual Healers are everywhere. They are able to tie into their Soul/Spiritual side and bring forth that healing energy. It’s all about making a spiritual connection. Many use religion to make the connection. There is nothing wrong with that.

Hypnosis: Performing a self-hypnosis session at home will train the mind to go into a trance. You take the Photosonix Light and Sound Machine with the Chakra program. This device was used by the Positive Changes hypnosis group. It shuts down the Conscious Mind and gives the spiritual side a chance to expand. The clinic used a script reader to speak to the hypnosis recipient as they were in a semi-trance state. I took a mixer and so I could add my voice to the Light and Sound machine input. You adapt your voice to the person thru the volume control. A person receiving this method had a vision during a session. Shutting down the conscious mind allows the subconscious to come up. Aim the session towards the Subconscious and the Conscious Mind.

One of five things can happen when my spiritual side kicks in.

a. I can go into a semi-trance that also allows me to see a spiritual image.
b. I have an alarm that goes off in my head to warn me.
c. I feel a huge pressure on top of me, which is to warn me.
d. I can act as channel depending on the situation.
e. If I stay in an area for an extended time. I start tuning into it, giving me a second sight.

Selected happenings from my life.

1965: I saw my first Light Being after my NDE. It can down the middle of my street and passed me as I watched it. It had a head and shoulder shaped top with a body whirling like a funnel. I saw the same Being a few weeks later as it crossed the end of my street. The Light Being was 5.5 feet tall. The light streaks were swirling in it and it had a bright countenance. In 2006, I met a woman at a Coffee Shop. The woman was on Match.com advertising herself as a spiritual person. A Light Being appeared at the side of our table as we were talking. It communicated telepathically that we were soulmates. We were both shocked at the moment. We talked about what happened. After that, she was not interested in me. I later realized that the spiritual beings are not omnipotent.

1969: I woke up from a deep sleep and a woman was standing at the side of my bed looking down at me. She had long hair and was about 5’7’ feet tall. The night light from the bathroom in the hallway gave me a silhouette image of her. I could not make out her face because of the darkness. I was afraid and turned over. That was a mistake on my part for not trying to communicate.

1974: I started high school. While walking to my bus stop my mind went into an alarm. I locked onto a man walking on my right. He was about 6’1’ and appeared to be in his late early 70’s. Once he saw that I locked onto him. He blasted me with a mental force that would have blanked an ordinary person’s mind. I kept walking and pretended I did not see him. However, he was emanating anger and rage and his face was in a rage. This Being did not want to be noticed. Whatever, this Meta Human or Alien was used a similar force that I experienced in the tunnel of light. If you were hit by this force it would blank the mind of most people causing them to forget what they saw.

1984: I was stationed at an air force base where we resided in base housing. I walked out of the kitchen and looked left. A man was standing in the hallway smiling. It was a full color ghost. He was balding, wearing a tan short sleeve shirt and dark dress slacks. He was there for a second then gone. When my wife returned home with the kids. I told her what I saw. She was relived to tell me she saw the same thing. But, was afraid to say anything. I never saw him ever again.

1995: I was driving and then felt pressure that started on top my shoulders. It became so heavy, I was forced to lean forward to continue driving. It was 2 PM in the afternoon. I turned on my headlights even though it was bright daylight. The pressure on my shoulders was tremendous. Ahead of me on the left was a parked car in the U-turn lane. When I got to it. They made an illegal right turn in front of me and I knocked the man and his carload of people off the road. My Beings were trying to warn me of impending danger.

1998: I worked at a company, which had a ghost. Me and my friend would talk about seeing glimpses of it. The Control Room was surrounded by 8-foot-tall glass panels. We would see a shadow reflect on the panels as if someone was walking by. When we worked at night, the ghost would move papers behind you to startle you. It had a sense of humor. Me and a couple of friends were seated at a table in the Control Room in the morning. When the ghost got too close to me, the alarm in my mind went off and my mind locked onto it. A Shadow Being appeared next to the table. My friend would not take his eyes off the ground; The other friend began yelling in fear and I was watching the ghost. I stopped looking at it and it left. One friend literally ran out of the room. The other one finally admitted he saw it.

1998: I started attending a psychic training class in an effort to meet like people. The teacher had an unpleasant feel about her. Her house had a living room, which was huge. It had African Death Masks hanging on all the walls and surrounded the group. While at a class, a student asked a question. The teacher didn't answer the question. I disagreed with her answer and the teacher became aggravated. I was sitting in a chair with arms. The room moved. The chair began pitching left and then right in an extreme motion. It happened several times. I knew mentally that I was not physically moving. The room blurred out and came back. A large group of demonic entities were standing behind the teacher. They took on the appearance of the African Death Masks. There were so many entities that my Conscious Mind interfered and gave me picture of them that I read about in a book. That’s another example about the Conscious Mind interfering in spiritual happenings. I kept quiet and the class ended. I came back the next day and questioned the teacher about what I saw. She stated 'These are spirits coming to me for healing so they can be reabsorbed by God'. I left and never went back. I experienced a Dimensional Door opening when the entities appeared.

2001: I experienced a spiritual attack that hurt me badly. I was recommended to a Healer. He stated that I had been ethereally torn by an attack. I realized after a couple of sessions that he was not helping me. No one ever got any better who saw him. The attack was to get me to start seeing who the healer really was. The whole scenario was a spiritual trap.

2001: I saw my first spirit animal during a drum circle. Again, the environment can influence the interpretation of the spiritual happening.

2014: I still lived Texas. I had one or more ghosts take up residence with me. One night while watching TV, a glass in the sink was smashed. I went over to clean it up. I nicely asked if they would not break any more glasses because I only had a few and the rest were plastic. It did not happen again. However, they would take the spare bedroom door and make it smack loudly against the door stop or slam it shut. I refused to say anything to them. It gave them something to do and not find something else to mess with. I had the house for sale and knew I was leaving. I did not try to communicate.

2014: I had a boy who had passed away come to me for help. I had previously broken up with his mother. His mother refused to speak to me concerning him. I could not do anything for him.

2018: The attendant was really nervous about giving me room 121. I got to bed with my back to the windows. A few minutes later, something jumped on the bed and began walking. All the hairs on the back of my neck stood up. I turned over and nothing was there. It felt like a cat walking on the bed but, its weight would have been around 40 pounds. I turned back over with my back to the windows. This scenario happened again. I sat up and asked the Being to please let me sleep since I had driven all day. I explained how far I had drove. I had an edge in my voice. However, it left me alone after that. The hotel attendant nervously asked me if I had any problems the next morning. I told her no.


Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:1963
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Drowning Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) Drowned
How do you consider the content of your experience?Entirely distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?No. I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. My consciousness changed for the better after the NDE.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?After I passed and was in the tunnel of light.
Were your thoughts speeded up?Faster than usual
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Time seemed to go faster or slower than usual Faster.
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceMy conscious thinking sped up during the NDE.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceHearing stayed the same.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere, as if by ESP?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes I entered a tunnel of light.
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes Metatron. It is described in an Encyclopedia of Angels.
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?An unusually bright light
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes The bright light appeared in front of me when my Soul and Conscious mind left my body.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm A tunnel of light.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?Fear and pain after the ecstacy of leaving my bod.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt no longer in conflict with nature
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about myself or others. My Pineal Gland was altered. It has increased my understanding of many different things.
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a barrier that I was not permitted to cross; or was sent back against my will. I was forced back by an Entity called Metatron.
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Unaffiliated- Nothing in particular- Religious unaffiliated
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?See my narrative. Yes
What is your religion now?Unaffiliated- Nothing in particular- Religious unaffiliated
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was entirely not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience My narrative I submitted explains many different things.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes I am a researcher of religious issues. Psalm 82 followed by Genesis 1-26 clearly explains that there is not a one god.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin My Soul and I were blocked by an Entity. We smashed into it 3 times and each time it forced us back. The being was identified in 1998 when I saw it in an Encyclopedia of Angels. Its name is Metatron.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Yes I now know how to travel on the other side. I have learned that I can act as a channel in a Monroe Institute session and someone can leave their body into an OBE.
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?No
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?I was uncertain if an afterlife exists. I merged with my Soul and entered the Tunnel of Light.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?No
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life. I now see the truth no matter what it shows me. I accept the good and the bad of what I am seeing.
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Yes Yes
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?Yes There was no one to talk to about this until the researchers starting providing an outlet.
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes I am an empath.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.I am haunted every day after what happened to me.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes I have written researchers but, only one has responded.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. I knew what happened from the minute it took place.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Uncertain See my narrative.
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?Yes
Did the questions asked and information that you provided accurately and comprehensively describe your experience?Uncertain. Research.
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?See my narrative.