Debora C NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9265
Experience Description
I lived in Panama. I was 5 years old and went swimming in a neighbor's pool. My neighbor told me to leave and she went back into the house. Later, I came back to the pool by myself. I slipped and fell into the water.

I remember seeing my body in the water. I later realized after having my second son, that I had an out of body experience because I saw my body floating in the water while I also went to the window of the neighbor to look in for help. I could see people standing over me after being resuscitate by paramedics.

While this was happening, my soul traveled on a dark path with a long-haired little girl holding my hand as we walked up a dark hill. There were others ahead of us, walking two by two. We walked until we hit a bright light that was so bright that I could only see a gate. To the right of the gate was Jesus extending his hands to me wearing a white long robe. I couldn't see his face, but just a bright light. I felt loved by him. I knew I wasn't in danger and Jesus touched my head. Jesus turned me around for the little girl to walk me back down the dark path. Of course, I did not know this was Jesus until years later.

I was too young to understand how this would come over and over replaying in my mind through the years until it came to me after my second son's birth. His birth made me feel disassociation of my body for feeling like I did not belong here. I questioned why was I feeling this way. After going back and discussing the drowning and all of the memories around it, did I realize what actually happened to me. I was put back in school in special ed classes because I would not talk and my parents did not understand why. There were never any conversations around my drowning through the years.

At age 6, I was severely hurt from a bike accident. I had to have surgery due to crushing my pelvis bone. I had incontinence issues and not sure if this was all related to the bike accident or just feeling disassociation of my body. I could remember being in a classroom and seeing myself sitting at my desk because I had an out of body projection. Someone would talk to me and I would be traveling somewhere else and would return feeling disoriented. This has happened a lot through the years and felt like I never belonged here.

My relationship with the Lord has always been there, but had to struggle through finding my purpose on earth. My out of body experience allowed me to use a gift that God gave me to protect myself, but I would often become frightened of it and would ignore what these signs would be telling me. It is just recently in the past 6 years since acknowledging my gifts of being able to trust these feelings and visions because they are signs of having capability of seeing the third dimension and feeling heaven as home.

I have never been frightened of death and recently told my kids that we don't die, but we pass over to everlasting life. It is almost a longing of and desire for me to be seeing God again. I decided at this time of life, it is only for me to seek the Lord and nothing about the earth is no longer desirable for me. I have reached a journey of understanding my own salvation and how seeing Jesus at such a young age has made me never question my eternal life and in fact, it is more real than here on earth.

There has been many other unique events during my near death experience for encountering evil while God's presence turned it into good. My oldest sister told me that Jesus was praying over her while she was sleeping to wake up to him. She died early in life at age 25 years old and a tragic situation that was a curse placed on my mother by a witch working with black magic on cards. It was when I was 20 years old when my sister was tragically killed that my mother thought was going to be me. I believe now that Jesus knew of many events in my life that he has a strong hold on me and recently see of his direction over me with my two sons for doing something specific for him now. God understand what path we will travel and gives us free will to choose. If we choose him along the way while surrendering ourselves completely to him do we really understand the journey. I underestimated the gift of intuition that he provided to me of an understanding of evil and good in people. I can see in a person's souls through their eyes for knowing what path they have chosen. It is a definite light that radiates from a person's soul which only few can see.

Background Information
Gender:Female
Date NDE Occurred:1967
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accident Drowning in a pool Other: Resuscitation - Out of body experience for seeing my body in the water and moving around people over I had CPR and could not talk for two years and was put back in school in special classes due to this trauma. I could never relate to this world and the people in it for reasons of a different knowledge of divine interception. God blessed me with seeing and feeling the future events. I am an empath and took years of understanding why I could still leave my body and be in other places through using all senses.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Both pleasant AND distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?Yes I could see dark figures and hear voices over me before and after my return. It felt like I left for a while because of walking up this dark path to Jesus at the bright gate of heaven. I events were different on earth and were in the distance with dark shadows while returning was entering a dark tunnel into the present of this world. I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal I did not talk for about two years and was put back in school for special education. I couldn't remember a lot during these years and felt like I wasn't present for classified a day dreamer and drifter. It was accurate for not being present and would often be out of body experiences continued.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?I experienced out of body for seeing myself floating in the water and seeing people standing over me. It was like before and after touching Jesus's hands. It was transcending of two different dimensions.
Were your thoughts speeded up?Faster than usual
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Time seemed to go faster or slower than usual Time seemed to slow down while walking the path and faster when I left and returned. Time in heaven is infinite with pressure of feeling like things are moving quickly. It felt like a really wonderful moment that could last forever.
Were your senses more vivid than usual?More vivid than usual
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI was too young to compare, but I did not remember much of my childhood until the near death experience was traumatic and ended up becoming more of a loner spending time away from people. I enjoyed being in nature and around animals that sensed a real connection with them. I could see how God created all things in his image.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI was too young to compare, but my hearing wasn't the best after due to ear infections and my dreams rarely have sound at all. I see brillance in light and visions flashing before me. I pray for the sound with my visions and it has taken me a while to hear God due to it. I see God in nature is how I make most of my connections.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere, as if by ESP?Yes, and the facts have been checked out
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes The tunnel was returning back and it was small and it got bigger and bigger for seeing dark images with voices. It was people over me and it finally came clear when the tunnel darkness was gone.
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Uncertain Too young to know of the children and the girl would took my hand.
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes At the top of the path near Jesus and the gate to heaven. The light was bright and not intense that it hurt me. I couldn't see Jesus's face and it made me feel loved.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm It was another dimension that I traveled to and it was a beautiful place. I felt loved there with no fear.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?I felt calm and at peace with Jesus. He made me feel loved and safe. I knew there was no danger and it was a very tranquil moment walking up the path with no fear. It was like exploring and wondering what was going to be at the top of the hill. I felt like it was different and unfamilar, but never in danger. I felt excited and loved.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt no longer in conflict with nature
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about the universe I knew without a doubt of how real heaven really existed and Jesus was waiting for my return. The universe and leaving for another dimension has given me hope on this earth because I could never fear death after this early experience at a young age.
Did scenes from your past come back to you?My past flashed before me, out of my control I did not go into the gate of heaven to see what might be ahead because I was too young.
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a barrier that I was not permitted to cross; or was sent back against my will Jesus turned me around to walk back down the path with the little girl that brought me up the path.
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Christian- Catholic My father is Catholic and mother is Protestantism. I was too young to understand my relationship with the Lord due to the nature of my upbringing was on a military base.
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes Too young prior, but knew this was a real dimension of a better life awaiting and longing for it.
What is your religion now?Christian- Other Christian I would play in a military church for viewing all religions for deciding at age 8 that there is only one God and decided to become undenominational. I had the Lord showing his presence through myself and older sister. I have been touch by Jesus's hands when drowning and annoited through at age 8 years old. Jesus has been with me throughout my life for helping me through many tragic situations and saved my life several times, but age 5 was when I crossed over to Jesus to be sent back. I did not really understand what happened until my second son at age 33 years old for going through regression and feeling like I was misplaced for a longing to return. I have always felt that I did not belong here on earth. I knew that there was something better and knew that Jesus was real since I touched him. It was divine interception for many reasons of a life path that was chosen for me.
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience I had an understanding of Jesus, but too young to understand what all this meant until I was older. I did not have any opinions during this time and this experienced defined how my beliefs developed over the years.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Uncertain Too young and it definitely played a role in how I viewed life on earth.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin I did not hear sound, but just Jesus's touch. The sound that I heard was returning in the dark tunnel of people standing over me.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)Uncertain I was too young to know of the children walking other children up this path.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Uncertain Too young for such understanding, but knew that God was always present with me. It made my relationship strong with the Lord throughout my life because it was believing is seeing instead of seeing is to believe.
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Yes I felt the love of the universe was as one with no conflict. It was a calm and peaceful place to be.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes Jesus touched me and I felt loved by him.
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Yes I knew that God touching me and anointing me through affirmation of love again at age 8 has given me a journey for trying to figure this out. I was given a gift of being an Empath and having visions of the future while being able to see people's intentions towards the universe for the good or evil.
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes I experienced out of body which I can do to this day. I felt another life on another dimension of knowing there is more in heaven then here on earth. It made me not afraid of death.
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?An afterlife definitely exists Yes The little girl made me know that there is life after death and never questioned it. It is very much alive in this dimension and longed to return to it.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?Yes My ability to relate to this life on earth. I have always known it was evil here. I could never relate to or see importance around what most people do and say. My thoughts are connected with a greater understanding relating to the greater of the good towards the universe. I knew that life on earth wasn't all there is and it was infinite of love waiting for me.
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?Yes I left my body and did not want to return which left me speechless. I wasn't in my body fully and couldn't talk about my experiences or relate to people because of it.
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes This is the best part of it all is the incredible love that I felt. Especially holding Jesus's hands.
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life It is a journey that I had to go down before I made a conscious decision to souly rely on God for all my needs. God has been present for me and continiously asked for his help when I finally realized of how powerful God can do for us when we just ask him for him to use us for his will and not of are own will you really understand how miracles unfold. We are here for a journey and the journey continues in heaven. We continue the journey for eternity.
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Yes It has made me become an empath and compassionate for others.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?Yes I was too young and couldn't explain any of this to parents or anyone. It took years later for me to understand what happened to me after the birth of my second son at age 33. I felt like it was noraml to see Jesus and bright lights while traveling out of body. I just knew that I never felt like I belonged or could relate to most people. My thoughts would be seeing things on a deeper level and into the future. I have visions and dreams of future events.
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience.e experience I couldn't remember anything before this experience happened and mostly my connections with nature and God. I would say for a child that God became the most important element in my life due to a unstable home life. At age 10; I wanted to commit suicide to return to heaven while God spoke to me to cry.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes Telepathic for having visions and out of body experiences still happen.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.Jesus touched me and I felt loved. The other part of the experience was being able to see my body in the water.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes I only told strangers that shared near death experiences, my children, and few close friends. I have never shared this with my parents or siblings.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real I knew something happened, but too young to explain and speechless due to out of body experiences.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real I know it was real and felt it when I returned. I just did not understand what happened and why it happened because of being so young.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Yes After I had my second son was alike a rebirthing of self for bringing this experience forward and longing to return to heaven. I was missing my connection and missed the love that I felt.
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?My experience was never discussed from my parents and it should of been counseling for me. It would of been a better way of piecing the events together and helping me cope through the years.