Darla J NDEs
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9556
Experience Description
My body went into cardiac arrest twice on the same September 2018 day due to alcohol abuse. I did not intend on dying. I did not know my depression had severely affected my physical health. I simply could not stop drinking alcohol. I admitted myself to the emergency room because my body was telling me that something was very wrong.

I was in a coma for a week and towards the end of the week I was in-between both worlds.

The first time my heart stopped, I experienced myself in a very bad place with other suffering beings. I shouted that I didn't want to be there anymore and I came back into my body.

Shortly afterwards, my heart stopped once more. I floated towards the top of a mountain. My hands touched the mountain. I was greeted by my grandparents who had passed on. It was beautiful as I looked at a pattern in the ground. I felt the feeling of ultimate joy and love as I took deep breaths and peered over the mountain top. Then I was told by my grandmother to go back down the mountain.

After a week, I experienced an episode of deja vu. A few others were in intensive care unit (ICU) with me. This event repeated itself about 6 times. I had no control of time or what was about to happen. It felt like to me that I was about to die. I was able to bring myself back to reality.

Background Information
Gender:Female
Date NDE Occurred:September 2018
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Uncertain. Illness. Drug or medication overdose. Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) uncertain of the question
How do you consider the content of your experience?Both pleasant AND distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?Yes I could hear my family in the ICU room with me as I was between worlds. I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. I have never experienced the feeling of love that immense.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?the whole time
Were your thoughts speeded up?No
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning lost all meaning
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI have never seen what I experienced.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceIt seemed as if I could hear but was likely telepathic communication.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?Yes, and the facts have been checked out
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?No
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?No
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes the white and pink sky above the mountain was amazing.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?Some unfamiliar and strange place. I came to a dark desolate desert, dark mountain, then I was in a beautiful mountain with bright sky
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?fear, sadness, a sense of suffering, immense love, joy, Happiness, safe, awe
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about the universe. I experienced love like never before
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a definite conscious decision to return to life. Both, I was asked to return and I demanded to leave.
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Native American religion
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes I research spirituality
What is your religion now?Native American religion
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. I was in denial about hell existing, after my experience I know that the hell that exist is connected to the person. So it exist and does not exist depending on the person.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes An urge to seek questions to answers
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin. My grandparents, suffering souls, and a presence behind me
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes There was a pattern shown to me in that was in the ground. I still cannot make out to this day.
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Yes I felt that unity exists. I feel that I have experienced the meaning of life.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes. When I experienced the bad place there was something or someone behind me; felt like a guide. I demanded that I leave the place at once.
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Yes I have experienced other dimensions/realities during lucid dreaming.
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes I felt immense love and joy like never before and I immediately knew that is what life is about
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Yes I was conscience and felt alive even though my body was not. I was told to return to my body.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?Yes My grandmother does not speak English yet I could understand her clearly.
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?Yes I went to a very bad place.
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes I felt universal love. I could feel it and breathe it.
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life The term 'god' feels singular and not accurate.
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Yes I am more conscience
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience as accurately as other life events that occurred around the time of the experience. I remember going to the hospital and leaving the hospital
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes I've experienced other realms, dimensions, wormhole
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.A pattern in the earth, geometric. Cannot make out as to why it was there.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes I immediately wrote it down after the nurse revived me.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?Yes documentaries, movies, etc.
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. I came back to life for a reason.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real. I feel I must share this data
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Yes Ayahuasca ceremonies produce similar fear
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?I am aware there is something else other than this reality happening all the time.
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?Some people have more then one encounter