Michael B NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9744
Experience Description
It's been almost 6 years since my heart attack on December 27, 2017.

I was delivering a load of beef to a food plant in Alberta, Canada. I got unloaded and pulled my empty trailer out of the door at around 5pm. As I was leaving the city's edge, I started to feel faint and my breathing changed to a little faster and deeper. I started blanking out a few seconds at a time and then would be awake for several minutes. I start looking for a safe place to pull over but there was none since the shoulder along the ditch was very narrow. It was winter, dark, and -33C/-28F. The highway was snowy and icy, but I keep moving. I managed to get the truck and trailer safely into the ditch and come to a stop. I got out of the truck and stumbled through the ditch to the edge of the highway.

I blacked out and had an OBE for about 10 minutes. Then I fell back in my body and very slowly stood up. I had lost my cellphone somewhere, so I followed by tracks back to the truck. I found my cellphone on the floor under the gas pedal. There was a young woman standing beside the truck. She had pulled over to offer assistance. The 911 operator was still on the line from my initial call. I gave my phone to the woman and did my best to explain to that I just had a heart attack by using hand signals and touching my chest because I couldn't speak. I climbed back into the driver's seat in the truck and blacked out across the steering wheel. I don't know how long I was out for. I started to regain consciousness very, very slowly. It felt like someone was gently poking me in the chest. With each tap it became more intense. I still hadn't moved or opened my eyes.

After feeling these punches, I tried to block them with my left arm. When I was hit again, I reacted in rage and jolted straight up from being slumped over the steering wheel. I came to consciousness above a man who was standing on the ground and still punching my chest. I thought the man was looking for a fight. I lean out of the truck and start swinging punches at his head. Realizing I can't reach him with my hands, I started kicking at him in the head and shoulders area. He gave up and left in his car flipping me off and yelling for me to 'F#$% off and Die!' I had it coming. I blacked out again while draped over the steering wheel.

The next thing I remember is someone's hand grabbing the top of my left shoulder; strong and fast enough to wake me up again. I was so weak I just fell out like a sack of potatoes. The RCMP (police) officer caught me enough so that I didn't hit the ground. Two emergency medical technicians, (EMTs) were running into the ditch to help him. The three of them dragged me to the ambulance and got me flopped down on a gurney inside the ambulance. I was fully awake at that time. They stripped my clothes off and proceeded with putting in the IV's. I got angry when they cut my new t-shirt off. They gave me a little morphine to help with the pain. The clock inside the ambulance read 6:32pm. So, I knew it had been an hour and 10 minutes from the first sign of my heart attack.

We arrived at the hospital and quickly shuttled off to an operating room. A cardiology team arrived and started working on me. The next day I was told the team had split into two groups, taking turns so they could do continuous chest compressions while the other group was shocking me with the heart paddles because I was dead; no heartbeat and no brain activity. After thirty-five minutes, the team finally called my time of death and pronounced me dead despite their best efforts. I only learned these details from one of the ICU nurses a couple of days later.

During this time I was dead, I had an experience. I was conscious and everything was tinted in a shade of yellow like the sun glasses for night driving. Then I found myself completely engulfed in a thick, pale white mist or fog. Right away, I was wrapped in an energy field of some kind and propelled forward. This was like floating through this fog. Some form of energy is transporting me since I can't move my body at all. It felt like a powerful, earth magnet was wrapped around me. I felt completely peaceful and quiet. I am totally aware of my new body. It's still flesh-colored but is transparent. This body is pure energy in the same shape and form as my body. I'm emanating a dim light around me like a lantern allowing me to see about 8 to 10 feet out. It was illuminating the walls and floor. This energy is more like an aura of light. The colors were a blend of light browns, copper shades and a small amount of particles swirling. But all were contained within my bodily form.

There was no sense of time. I didn't have an actual sense of temperature, but it wasn't cold or hot and was very comfortable. The fog is gradually changing shades and color as I speed along surrounded by this force of some kind. The shades are continuously getting darker. From pale whites blending into light gray to dark gray blending into light browns to dark browns blending into light black and finally into black. Then I stopped moving, still surrounded in a dark fog. The fog slowly dissipates and I am standing in a darkened hallway. I was able to see several feet in all directions. The hallway was all made of stone like an old castle. I noticed, there was no one there to greet me. Worse yet, I didn't see any booze, food, or cigarettes. There was nothing there.

I started to notice other things. I could sharply sense everything me, near me and very far away from me. There is no sense of time, touch, smell, taste or sound. I'm curious. I have no fear at all.

While I feel like my feet are moving, I looked down and notice they aren't moving at all. I'm moving myself with my mind and floating just above the floor. In fact, when I'm moving I notice I have no feet outlined at all. The hall is only about 5 feet wide around me. The walls seem to be made of oval shaped stones. Each oval stone was about 7-8 inches long and 4 inches wide at the center of the stone. The color was pure, jet black and shiny or glossy with a pearl finish. Every stone is perfectly set and fitted with each other. The stonework floor was very dark grey, almost black. As I started moving down the hallway, the black oval stones on the walls stopped and changed to a light brown rectangular blocks that were about 20 inches long by 12 inches wide. They had a rough cut surface. The floor was a light brown color made of square cut stone blocks about 15 by 15 inches big and had a rough cut finish well. I cannot see a ceiling. Follow the wall up several feet it is just pure darkness. Looking behind me the hallway becomes a little wider.

I was curious, so I start walking forward down the narrow hallway. I was looking for a window. About twenty feet down the hall I saw a very rough piece of deep smokey-yellow stained-glass about two feet by two feet square with curved edges. I stood staring at it for a few minutes trying to see anything. I held my hand up against it or so I thought. But there was no sense of touch. However, the more I focused on it with my mind, the lighter the glass became and it went clear. I found myself looking out a rough edged hole in the wall. Outside was a huge valley with mountains on both sides as far as I could see. I saw green grass, tree forests, blue sky, and sunshine. I could see in bright, clean detail and colors. The only way to describe it is after a thunderstorm when the sun comes out and the colors are rich and brilliant, but here it is better than real. I was definitely high above the ground with a magnificent view. The entire outside walls of the structure was all large stone blocks just like a castle or a prison. I thought to find a door or some way to get outside. I stopped focusing on the view, and the window filled right back in becoming solid stone again.

I started walking down this hallway again and this time I can sense and see that the floor is changing to a downward slope. About ten paces later, I notice that there is a light slowly illuminating behind me. I stopped and turned around. That large, wide hallway is beginning to slowly but dimly, light up from a separate source. It's about ten feet away from me now. I start walking towards it and stop. As it gets brighter it lights up the entrance to another large hallway about twelve feet ahead of me and to my left. It finally stops moving at the entry point of the hallway and a bright pinpoint of light begins to expand in mid-air and spreads in four directions. Up, down, left and right. It quickly opens like a zipper in these directions and creates an oval shape like someone cutting a canvas and spread it open from the sides like a pair of curtains.

I could see four Beings in the light. They all seemed about four feet tall and moving about, close together. They were communicating with me through their thoughts, not through words. I was receiving a picture of thought. Although hard to explain properly, I'd get a group of sentences all at once creating a message with a picture. I could respond telepathically as well. They were simply telling me to keep coming closer and invited me into the light. I began walking towards them. As I got closer, the light got brighter all around and behind them. They were all in hooded, open robes of a very bright white light surrounding them with light beige highlights. As they moved their heads around, the light beige highlights would move on their cheeks. So, I'm presuming it's a kind of shadow effect. Because the robes were open, I noticed none of them had any genitalia. Their hands had four long fingers each. The lower part of their arms were exposed. Their faces and front of their bodies were exposed from the top of their foreheads to their feet. They were a very light white, flesh color. They were solid real in the flesh. Their skin was smooth and they were not transparent. Their eyes were medium size and black in color, just like human eyes only a little bigger. They were not big almond shaped 'bug eyes.' They had small noses and nostrils, like a child's nose. In fact, I'd say they looked like children. They had small, thin-lipped mouths. Their heads rounded in a way that reminded me of the aliens we refer to as the Grays, but the heads were not elongated but closer to human-shaped heads. Each one of them was outlined in a thick line of pure brilliant white. They had a thin line of very bright white light surrounding them. Behind them looking deeper into the portal was the brightest white I have ever seen. As I got closer to them I came to the wide hallway on my left. I stopped to look down the hall. The light from the 'portal' was bright enough to illuminate about fifty feet of the hallway.

Beyond that is pure black again. Complete darkness. I decided to walk down this wide hallway as my curiosity was getting the best of me. Not far in, I began to sense some kind of entities further down the hallway in the darkness ahead. It was not a good feeling either. This was an instant feeling of fear itself. It was like a legion of entities in the dark. Then, I saw them straight ahead. They were all in human form. They were all pale, looking like all their blood had been drained out of them. They had no hair or clothing. They were just dozens of human forms; flailing their arms, legs and heads in and out of this darkness. I stopped and began to watch them. Either they were trying to get out at me or just trying to escape the dark. It reminded me of dozens of people stuck in a thick black, soupy substance. This black sludge filled the hallway from floor to ceiling and wall to wall. It was like looking into a well. The entities looked like they were all trying to keep themselves from drowning. All of a sudden, I was in a state of fear. I've never felt anything so intense. It was almost painful being completely consumed and surrounded with numbing, tingling feelings from head to toe. It was coming and going in waves up and down through my whole body form. I quickly turned around and walked out of that hallway.

I was walking towards the lighted 'portal.' The four Beings were still there and sending me telepathic messages telling me to 'Come on in' and join them. I notice the closer I got to them, the more they began to move backwards in this 'portal' surrounded by increasingly brighter light. It was so bright that it made it difficult to see them. This didn't make sense to me, so I was confused and getting angry.

Then, I heard a male voice yelling out for me to turn around and come back. I turned to see a black Being at the entrance to the light waving his arms and telepathically repeatedly yelling at me, 'Come back! Keep coming! Turn around and Get back here!' I watched as the Being was actually coming out of the light at this point. He was at least eight feet tall. He wasn't wearing any clothing to speak of. He had a long, narrow head and face. This Being had very long, muscular arms, a solid muscular torso, large hands, 3 long fingers, and long muscular legs and feet. In fact his feet were three toed with claw-like nails. His body was dark, solid black. Even the light from the portal didn't reflect off of him. Every muscle, bone structure and every inch of skin was smooth like leather but had a texture like snakeskin that I saw in great detail. This Being was solid, built like a rock and not transparent. He looked more like those aliens that they call Reptilians. His head was human-like with green and black shiny eyes, flat nostrils and a thin lip mouth. In the light behind him was the white cloaked Beings who were backing up again as I approached. Then another 'hooded being' joined the group of four little ones in the light. Only this one was about six to seven feet tall. He was white in color just like the little ones. This tall one looked like a mature adult Gray Alien. This one had an elongated head, large dark black eyes. He was telling them, 'It's time to go. We can't stay much longer'. The Reptilian was stubborn and coming out of the light to physically grab me. But he stopped. Thankfully, I was too far away from him to grab me. I was about eight to ten feet away from him. I noticed that he never stepped completely out of the light. He always had one foot or the other in the edge of the 'portal.' He abruptly turned his head towards the light.

The 'little ones' were telling him to get back inside the light immediately. It was time to go. So he took one last stare at me, shook his head and flailed his arms around in disgust. He walked back into the light to join the others. I was telling myself, 'I don't know about this. This doesn't look right to me.' The light was a brilliant white. It got so bright I could not see the light Beings, only the dark one. I sensed something wasn't right about this. A deception perhaps? I decided not to continue into the 'light' with them and turned around to head back into the dark. The 'portal' closed. I proceeded to keep walking down the pitch black hallway. Then, I ceased to exist. It was as if someone turned off a light switch.

Then like a switch was turned on again, I found myself sharply aware and with a clear mind. Then this energy completely cloaked around me again like an earth magnet. I couldn't move my body as though I was paralyzed. I was being gently, but rapidly pulled (floating) and transported backwards through the same path and fog in the exact same order of colors and shades. Only this time, in reverse, from pure black to light gray and white. This is where I gently ended up back in my body in the hospital. Then I came back to life.

I remember, I opened one eye and the room was empty. I noticed I had a toe-tag on my right foot. So I knew I was just waiting for the folks in the basement to come up and bag me. About five minutes later, a doctor came into view and he's just shaking his head and walking in a circle. I recognized him immediately. He was the head of the cardiac team that was working on me. I said, 'Hey! Where do you think you're going?' His face just dropped with a look of shock and excitement. He ran off through the double doors and started calling to get the cardiac team back there. They all came back, made sure I was stabilized, then rolled me down to another room where they put stents in to unblock the arteries. After that, they took me to my room where I called my wife. I didn't mention the heart attack because I didn't want her to worry. I learned later that EMTs stated that when they arrived to pick me upon the highway, they estimated I had been in full heart failure for at least twenty minutes. I learned from the cardiology team that they had worked on me for at least thirty- five minutes before calling my time of death and had left me on the table for the morgue people to come up and get me. Over the next few days I learned from the nurses and a doctor that I was dead for an hour or more in ICU.

The book is titled 'Phenomenal!' By author Michael Black (Pseudonym). If you would like to READ my FULL STORY Click here for the book link :

Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:Dec. 27, 2017
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Heart attack Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) Heart attack
How do you consider the content of your experience?Neither pleasant NOR distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?Yes I could hear and see everything and everyone during my 'being dead' and 'out of body' phase and on the 'other side' and back. The amazing thing is almost 6 years later, I still vividly remember events. I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. It was fantastic to leave my body, like getting rid of the 'trash' and putting the bag in the garbage can.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?It was very strong even when I was dead and EMS and ICU worked on me. I could hear and see everything. But I have to say it was at it's highest level on the 'other side'
Were your thoughts speeded up?Incredibly fast
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning. There was NO sense of time at all during the whole experience.
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceMy vision was extraordinarily sharp, like I could see every little detail for miles.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceMy hearing was also extremely sharp and clear. I could hear a pin drop. But, more importantly, I could 'sense' everything around me.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Uncertain. Yes and no. It was 'tunnel like' but more accurately, it was like zipping through a cloud or fog.
Did you see any beings in your experience?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?No
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes While zipping along through the cloud/fog, the light varied. When I arrived on the 'other side' and the 'portal' opened up, it was a bright white. That's when the small Beings greeted me.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?Yes. I realized I was in a totally different dimension. As I learned how to move around on my own, things got easier. I realized everything is pure energy and everything is connected. This information and senses came back with me. It’s after I got back that I had an even bigger picture than I had before.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?#1-Curiosity. I had all the emotions with me that I had before. For me during my experience, I was curious, very alert, cautious, analytical, relaxed and calm. At times, I felt annoyed, and a couple of seconds of fear.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Relief or calmness
Did you have a feeling of joy?No
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?No
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a barrier that I was not permitted to cross; or was sent back against my will. I refused to go into the 'portal' with the Beings
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?No comment
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?No
What is your religion now?No comment
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. None of the above since these choices do not accurately reflect what I was faced with.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?No
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin. The only Beings that came to me were aliens; 5 Greys and 1 Reptilian. These Beings greeted me from the 'portal' they traveled in. ALL the communication with them was telepathic. The only time one of them spoke was when 'he' was getting annoyed with me because I wasn't cooperating. Now these beings were REAL, in the flesh. If it wasn’t for them, I wouldn’t be here. They were the ones that sent me back.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?No
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?No
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?No
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?No changes in my life. I do have a better understanding of death and the afterlife.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I do not know how my remembrance of the experience compares to my remembrance of other life events that occurred around the time of the experience. I remember my experience more strongly than I remember daily occurences on earth.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?No
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.The WHOLE experience was fantastic!
Have you ever shared this experience with others?No
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. It left me with the realization that we do have a soul and there is an afterlife.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real. The reality of the Experience was definitely real without a doubt.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?No
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?No
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?A little bit lengthy, but I survived.
