Thomas L NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9772
Experience Description
My ex-girlfriend went psychotic. She kicked my head into a concrete wall and knocked me unconscious.

I remember that my awareness was sent from my body through some sort of tunnel that suddenly transported me out into space; or what looked like space or the universe. It was infinite and black, except for two gigantic angels and a huge ball of light in between them. The angels looked like archangels. I didn't know what archangels were at the time, but one of them very much resembles art of Archangel Michael. The other one I can't remember much.

I remember feeling an incredible peace that I have never experienced in my earthly life. I also felt a safe presence from the space I was in. It also felt like I was protected by the angels. The ball of light, almost like a star, felt like something divine that is hard to explain. Archangel Michael stood on the left and it felt like he was watching over me and almost telling me that I'll be o.k.

Suddenly, I remember opening my eyes and immediately being transported back to my body.

After this my memory gets a little fuzzy, but I believe I transported back and forth between my body and the other dimension several times in the following minutes. I also remember opening my eyes and seeing my ex-girlfriend. It felt like she was possessed by something demonic. What I experienced out of my body was the complete antidote to that.

It feels crazy to me to be writing this as I've never considered myself to be religious or had any interest in religion or Christianity. I still don't consider myself religious, though what I experienced that day is something that could never be transferred into words.

Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:31 January 2020
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Criminal attack Direct head injury. Life threatening event, but not clinical death. Head injury by force trauma, caused brain swelling. Cleared o.k. after 7 days in hospital.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Entirely pleasant
Did you feel separated from your body?No I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. I felt as though I was part of something much larger. Compared to when I’m in my body, I feel a very thin connection to the world. When I had my NDE, it was like a deeper level of consciousness that the human brain can’t interpret.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?In the beginning
Were your thoughts speeded up?Faster than usual
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning, Time didn’t feel like a factor. When I passed back into my body, I became aware of the sensation of time in our dimensions
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceThe size scale had a completely new meaning. The angel beings and the ball had a size much bigger than anything I can imagine.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI don’t recall any sound
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes Felt like a vortex tunnel. That happened incredibly quick between here and wherever that was, as if it transcended any dimension
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?No
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?An unusually bright light
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes The energy ball of light was so divine I don’t know how to describe it.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm Felt like another dimension of space and time
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?Total tranquility and peace
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about the universe. I don’t know about everything, but I felt a great connection to everything.
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a barrier that I was not permitted to cross; or was sent back against my will. I felt like the archangels somehow communicated to me that I’ll be ok. They passed me back to my body, completely willingly. I remember feeling at peace when I woke up the day after. Unfortunately that peace didn’t stick much longer than a few days
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Unaffiliated- Agnostic
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes I am more fascinated by religion now. Although, I believe they are all downstream from the same understanding of another reality and supreme beings. I respect religions for what they are and understand why they work for most people.
What is your religion now?Unaffiliated- Agnostic
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was entirely not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes Much greater empathy for people and a deeper connection to nature
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?No
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)Yes Archangel Michael and one other angel I can’t identify.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes As explained previously
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?No
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Yes There is definitely something after death. I would say it is peace.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?No
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Slight changes in my life
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Deeper connection to some people. I feel less attracted to materialism compared to prior.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?Yes I feel I’m putting a massive filter on the experience when I try to describe with drawings or storytelling. It is as if our senses and brains are too limited to perceive it
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Uncertain. I feel maybe certain people I connect more with on a deeper level, though this could be a placebo effect
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.It made me no longer fear death. Prior to the event I was very scared of death and had a lot of anxiety about it.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes I told my sister a few weeks after it happened. Then I told some of my closest friends. Everyone listened to me non-judgmentally, but I don’t believe anyone truly believes me or understands.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Yes I fainted three times at the hospital during blood tests in August 2023. I remember feeling the same peace inside of me. Although, I travelled in a vortex tunnel again. I do not recall any visions from this time.