Lynnclaire D NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9787
Experience Description
The morning of January 15, 1987, my partner was up early as usual and soon after leaving, he burst back into our Lilliputian room, manic with excitement. The news was that we were flying! He ordered me to get up and get dressed, but I was desperately ill and wanted only to be left alone to die in peace. Furious when he pulled the duvet off me, I was relieved when he went into the bathroom, mistaken in the thought that he was backing off. While he was out of the room, I pulled back the curtains and looked out the window, stunned to be unable to see anything. We were in a blizzard, the winds stirring a whiteout. When I heard the shower turn on, it was obvious I was in trouble, a fact that was confirmed when my partner returned and unceremoniously hauled me from my toasty bed. Barely able to stand up and my last supper not wanting to stay down, I tried to swallow his reassurances. While he agreed that yes, there was a blizzard on the ground, apparently the meteorologist said we could lift off because the storm stopped at five thousand feet. Suddenly very clear-headed, everything inside of me went into full-scale mutiny as my brain demanded to know, who in their right mind would go more than a mile high in the sky in this weather. I was certainly not about to do so. The more I thought about it, the more stupid it seemed to climb into what was essentially an oversized, squeaky wicker picnic basket and one that did not even have a lid. When he came back into the room, I let him know that if he or anyone else was flying they were all certifiable. I was remaining on the terra firma. Ignoring my objections, he unceremoniously tossed me into the shower and told me to give it up, because we were flying and that ‘we’ included me. Resistance was futile. No doubt, neither one of us will forget my final words, 'Not in this lifetime!'

As they released our lines and we began floating upwards, chills danced up and down my spine, every cell in my body tingling with excitement as unbridled terror nipped at my brain. All queasiness was quickly pushed aside, awe triumphing over fear as the earth fell away and billowing clouds wrapped us in an opaque chalky whiteness. An eerie silence closed in around us, the only thing piercing the silence was the burn of the propane that sounded like the hiss of some magical dragon.

Abruptly, we perforated the clouds and the vapors that only seconds before appeared to be as solid as stone, were seen for what they really were, gossamer that reminded me of cotton candy. Overhead, the morning skies were brushed with the purest blue pigments found in the Goddess’s paint box and mountain peaks, each more spectacular than the next rose to meet us. I remember laughing when a silly thought emerged from my brain as dozens of brilliantly colored hot balloons began popping through the clouds all around us; the image being that we were inside a gumball machine gone berserk. Because the flight was absent the pressure of competition, we played with the wind and let her play with us, descending to skate across a frozen alpine lake where we raced with several deer. The frigid chill of winter was unable to diminish an ever-deepening sense of wonder, and most of the time I was left alone in my reflective state. In an instant, everything changed, my supposed reverie lasting until some part of me heard the pilot say something about 12,000 feet. The problem was that I was not hearing him from my corner of the balloon; I was eavesdropping and observing from several meters away, outside the balloon.

Bewildered to not be in my body, I was remarkably unruffled as the thought arose, 'Oh… I am not my body.' Realizing that our bodies are just a shell, great houses, I knew it was time to go and in a single turn, left the only world I knew. That spiral changed my life as all my bonds with this world were released and I was ushered into a ‘sacred’ space, the foot of the mountain where I would soon move with the Music, ascending toward to a single point of light. The Music

It was incredible! Even though I knew that I was ‘dead’, I felt safe, thrilled to be standing in the warm sunlight high in the alpine meadows of Mt. Rainier, the majestic peak located in Washington State where I grew up.

No words will ever adequately express the sensations that filled my heart as my paternal grandmother came toward me, her love flowing over me as her energy enveloped me. The last time we were together was the summer of 1963, when I contracted spinal meningitis and she held me while my parents raced to the hospital. Bathing me with icy cloths as I fought for life, I always remembered how she alternated between telling me that I was going to be fine and begging me to stay. The doctors and my parents all discounted these vivid memories because I was unconscious.

These were my last memories of her as she died shortly thereafter. Unbelievably, for years I carried a false sense of responsibility for her death, my childish logic was that her death was somehow the result of my illness. Such a notion easily took root because in my family saying ‘goodbye’ and talking about death were forbidden, which meant the children never knew that for years she was fighting what would be a losing battle with cancer complicated by diabetes. Now, after more than twenty years of silent, inconsolable grief, we were together again, walking hand-in-hand in this magical place. Communicating beyond the artificial boundaries of ‘time’ and words, I learned that the hands on my watch were not the Keepers of Time. Sorrow disappeared as our Love was redeemed from the illusion of oblivion, majesty taking on a new meaning as we were drawn higher into the valley. Moving toward the source of the Light that seemed to fill this space, I remember taking great comfort in the firm ground beneath our feet, still remembering the discomfort I’d felt listening to the squeak of what felt like a flimsy basket suspended beneath the balloon.

Crossing the valley with extraordinary assurance, fully aware that we were traversing an and nameless frontier, it was however, an exact match to the physical place I knew so well. However, this place did not in any way, shape, or form fit the description of Heaven I was long been led to believe in. Was it a way station, an intermediary spot before getting to that other world I always hoped to be good enough to enter? Here, we watched the strands of days, cycles of months and ribbons of years braid together, fashioning a nexus between distinctly different 'nows.'

Thoughts of dimensions began rushing into and through my mind while we watched and felt different events and times flow around us. Each one was happening right here, right now. We were standing on the mountain of my childhood, but it was essentially different, real, but out of sync with all previous understanding, most notably, my concept of time. The heretical notions, long ago implanted during my outings with Sherman and Peabody, were now known to be neither childish nor eccentric. Walking in a world that was a reflection of the world I lived in for thirty-five years, I knew there were multiple realities touching earth. A bell chimed loudly as I realized that nothing, not heaven or hell, or things on earth were good or bad, hot or cold, black or white or up or down. There was no doubt in my mind that nothing was what I long believed it to be.

While my world was flipped upside down to realize we are more than our bodies. However, a lot more of my illusions were tossed out when it dawned on me that somewhere along the line, I’d shed the heavy layers of winter wool and fur. I was now wearing the glorious, black silk gown I wore to the Kaiser Ball. Before we reached that place I knew we were going high above the alpine meadows, everything changed and what resembled an amphitheater appeared in front of us. On this ‘stage’, we witnessed a timeless, encore performance of my life.

Ninety degrees to our right, just within my peripheral vision, there seemed to be a doorway through which every person who’d played a part in my life emerged. The first to cross this invisible threshold were my grandparents, followed by my father’s best friend, a school chum from seventh grade, and many others. I saw that their essence was distinct from all physical descriptions or character traits used to describe them. One at a time, they took center stage, each greeting me in the same soundless language my grandmother and I used, a communication transcending any spoken word. This memory always brings out a deep frustration, especially as I struggle to write about a communication that overflows with uplifting energy. After sharing what were only thoughts of love, they turned to exit through a door located on my left. With a knowing absent all doubt, I knew I was soon to join them on the other side.

The last person to walk on to this stage of my life was a man I did not know and upon reaching the center of this karmic theatre, he turned to face me. In this instant, my vision was cloudy, almost as if a diaphanous veil was dropped over my visual field. While I could not see him clearly, the essence of his presence resonated at the depth of my being. Communicating directly to my heart through the Mind, his message engraved itself on my heart and seared itself on my brain—

'Lynnclaire, you will be a catalyst for change, for love. You will bring forth, hold and honor remembrance. You will bring to conscious awareness the realms, realities and remnants in order that the spirit may remember the Dance, and to return the sacred feminine to Sion. And we will meet in 27+1.' I recognized that what he said was a truth beyond anything I ever blindly accepted as real but had no idea what 27+1 meant. The feelings that perfumed my mind and heart left me with a knowing that never abandoned me, and then and now remains clearer than any other memory. Unfortunately, he gave me no clue to the fact that years would pass before the smallest bit of understanding about this task would come to light. Neither did he inform me about what would be required to make it its true meaning come true once I understood. Leaving me feeling wholly remembered, recognized, understood and loved, he then turned and crossed back over the same threshold over which he came. This led to the realization that there are unbolted doors into different realms of Time that are accessible to those who know how to find and open them. Moving forward, I promised myself to remember, and find them.

The Cusp of Eternity

As unexpectedly as this experience began, it ended. Alone once more but knowing I would never be alone again, my grandmother and father rejoined me and we joyfully began to speak in the same vibrational language, partaking of a whole and Holy Communion. Taking of life, love, the mountain beneath our feet and the shimmering aqua sea I knew was just beyond our view, my father surprised me when he said, 'You can see me today.'

Instantly revisiting another time, I realized that one of the defining, life-changing events of my life occurred in this very place.

June 25, 1977, while driving with my family down this very mountain following an overnight stay at Sunrise Lodge, I was suddenly unable to breathe. Forcing my husband to stop on a dangerous curve, I got out of the car and slid down a gravely slope, my body and mind in agony. Once stopped, I sat down on a outcropping of rocks as the physical, emotional and mental throbbing worsened. It seemed to take forever before the physical pain began to subside and I found the strength to crawl back up to the car. We continued our journey, but my husband, scared and mystified, ignored my plea that we stop and call home. When we arrived at our destination five hours later, friends met us with the sad new that my dad suffered a fatal heart attack while diving in the ocean near our home on the island of Maui early that morning. We were all stunned to learn that he died at the exact time that I was having my crisis on the mountain. Although we were separated by more than twenty-five hundred miles, I physically and psychically experienced every aspect of his dying process.

While having no conscious knowing of what was happening to him, I long wondered if he was thinking of me. The horrible grief I went through that day made me vow to never to go through this kind of emotional torture again and I made it my intention to finish the job my dad began when I was five, disconnecting my psychic abilities. It was a goal he failed to achieve as the ‘seeing’ and ‘hearing’ continued all my life, but after the first few times he called other priests to pour oil on my head and pray for me, begging their god to remove this ‘evil’, I learned to keep my mouth zipped.

Several years following the accident, I began to understand that my connection with my dad and others is not limited to genetics, that an energetic intention bonds us. This bond is infinitely greater than my need for my father or anyone else’s approval. In this reunion, broad jumping what were fast being realized as vast and artificial boundaries, he taught me that love and pain are not conjoint twins; that sorrow is not inseparably entwined with physical death. While we may feel in our emotional bodies that love has been choked off forever, the drama of emoting is what often cuts us off from the truth that love is always in motion, light the fluid bond that flows from the Soul through the body and spirit forever. Life and death co-exist in an infinite space, the same energy riding on the light that connects each breath, inhaling and exhaling like surfing a wave that swells over and fills the invisible gaps that pulse between every beat of the heart; on one side, the spiraling energy is absorbed and cleansed, on the other is rebirthed.

Traversing & Reversing Time

As the experience deepened and progressed, my grandmother sent me on alone and it was then that I began to clearly hear the Music, tones so sublime that remembering still brings me to tears. It was the sounds of ascendance, an echo of a song I was sure I heard before, a simple psalm of elegant harmony whose melody was so pure that it melted all remaining traces of fear. This Music was all that mattered and knowing and singing this song, I closed my eyes and danced as this resonant vibration coursed its way through my body, heart and spirit. Bathing in its melody, love awakened at the depths of my heart and moving on this aria of mercy, I began a journey toward to the dawn of Totality. I was going home.

In an instant of magical stillness, in a space just before the entrance to the Light, I unexpectedly found myself being held, gently rocked. During this interlude, hallowed moments that filled a epoch beyond all sentient sense of time, a realization floated to the surface of my consciousness. It was a sensing, a knowing and communion with other spirits that could only have been established eons before. Breathing into each other’s hearts and minds, aware that I was dying, I was equally aware that I was being infused with a vibrant knowing of a changeless love. I felt then and feel still, the golden cord formed by One, a bond of timeless love. Our intention was reestablished before this throne hidden behind eternity’s vein. In the truest experience of consecration, I have ever known, we pledged to return, to once again work to restore the light of love.

The next thing I recall was stepping onto an escalator, not a tunnel, certain that someone at the top of the mountain was calling my name. A loving tone drew me closer the end, my spirit responding to a pull that was stronger than anything ever known. Drawn toward this Source, warmed as my sense of resonance with the MUSIC became stronger and clearer, the tones soothed my heart, a balm of Love pouring over me. Once again, the still invisible director of this journey called for a wardrobe change, another that I did not see or feel. Now draped in the most exquisite gown imaginable, a shimmering sea of ivory and mother-of-pearl that appeared to be alive. The fabric, woven of threads so fine as to be spider webs, seemed to be dappled with stardust, floating over my skin as if it was held afloat by a throng of imperceptible tiny angels.

Lightness permeated my cells and soul as the cognitive light came on and it dawned on me that this was not a gown. This glistening fabric was my energetic vibration, the signature of the divine, the essence that is who and what we all are, beings fashioned of exquisite, pure and translucent Light. Feeling like a bride as I moved toward the pinnacle, a single step took me over the threshold where I left my right footprint imbedded in Eternity. There, one fleeting glimpse of the spiral of sound and light charged and forever changed my life. Watching a cosmic loom weave this single strand into a brilliant tapestry, I saw light shuttled weft and warp fashioning a Pattern. It was so complexly simple that I knew it could only be intentional as it moved with absolute intention and compassion. This divine spinning wheel was Time, Music braiding, a Song of arcing angles. My knowing was that this Music stirred the ethers its rainbow of light, defining and filling space. Its weaving of light spun matter and connecting it into Eternity. One step into the cosmic dance, I knew I was home. This homecoming with the infinite Source of love, led to the realization that my life simply one spark, a holographic piece of the whole. Within this light, for the first time in my life I knew absolute bliss.

A Fatal Scratch in the Record

Without warning, chaos slammed into me as a noise like a needle intentionally pushed down and pulled across on an old LP, screeched. A violent sound filled my mind, heart and the space as I began to physically fight with a demon. Engaged in a death or life struggle with this mysterious adversary, I was losing the fight, whatever was gripping my left ankle far stronger than I was. Unable to break free but determined to memorize the Music and the Pattern the loom was weaving the light into, I twisted, and looking back over my right shoulder, began to take memory snapshots.

Background Information
Gender:Female
Date NDE Occurred:15 January 1987; 07 Feb 1987; 14 Feb 1991; 22 March 2001
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accident CPR given Direct head injury Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) First: TBI cause by racing in a hot air balloon at 21,000' over the Austrian Alps without the use of oxygen
How do you consider the content of your experience?Entirely pleasant
Did you feel separated from your body?No I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?The entire time was and remains vivid
Were your thoughts speeded up?No
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning I knew the meaning of omnipotent; omniscient; all knowing; all powerful; eternal: TIME
Were your senses more vivid than usual?No
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceRe: question 7, senses being vivid; my vision was not more vivid. the environment was as people looked 'normal'. #8 Vision is a challenging word. I'd long been taught 'Without a vision, people perish.' This was why I was ready to die years before my NDE. I now understand VISION to be PURPOSE with INTENTION
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceThe only word with all capital letters in my first book is MUSIC. The scientific knowledge we have is because I can draw what I hear to nine decimal points of accuracy. See the cymatic evidence at mereon.org
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?No
Did you see any beings in your experience?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes Family and friends. And in the 15 January experience my mother was there, and she was alive.
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes The indescribable described previously.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm It was IDENTICAL to a place I knew: Paradise Meadows on Mt. Rainier, Washington
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?JOY
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about the universe
Did scenes from your past come back to you?My past flashed before me, out of my control I had a vivid experience that I shared previously and all had actually occurred. One childhood friend, Keith Light, gave me a message to share with his twin brother, Ken Light. It took years to track him down and when I did, I shared the experience. Not surprisingly, it was something he had longed to KNOW since Keith's death at the age of 13.
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?No
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Unaffiliated- Agnostic My father became a minister when I was ten, so I was steeped in the faith or my father, addicted to approval. After marrying the man he chose, we became missionaries. Eleven years later hypocrisy was literally making me sick, my daily prayer was 'Give me this day my daily delusion', and my husband delivered me grounds for divorce on a silver platter. But, when I chose divorce, 100% of my social support system evaporated, and at the time of my first NDE, I considered myself an agnostic. I just didn't know.
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes My life is my 'practicing'
What is your religion now?Unaffiliated- Nothing in particular- Religious unaffiliated I consider myself spiritually aware, understanding that coherence, opposite of hypocritical, is evidence of the connection between my inner and external worlds
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience I had put all static religious beliefs on the back burner. My NDEs cremated every religious belief I had.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes Everything. Beliefs gone, experience leading to believings that had to be held as hypothesis until shown valid as theories. My core values were rearranged, others no longer number one; replaced by My health.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin I experienced a Male figure, I called the 'presence'. but he was not unearthly; he was human. and everything in my soul knew I would meet them. I DID.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Yes
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life Spirituality is subjective. My responsibility to ensure that I intentionally live my core values, my spirit revealed and coherence produced as evidence of intention and Purpose in every decision
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?My unwillingness to pander to or say I believe past religious beliefs has led to my family rejecting me.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?Yes It was impossible to express as the TBI made it impossible to speak. It took a year to defy the diagnosis.
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience The TBI wiped out the vast majority of my prior memories. In anticipation of question 43a and b, my believing is that TIME is divine. Time is GOOD, Time is G-D.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes The ability to hear what others cannot; the ability to draw and colour what I hear, movement.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.The experience was One. While there is a sequence, I don't silo any into parts.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes This led to a scientific investigation that has been going on for three decades.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real The TBI left me unable to talk, so all I was able to do was internally focus on it.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Yes see the cymatics, sound vibrating water, at https://mereon.org
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?no
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?Please know how much I honour and respect your tenacious research. I'm grateful.