Sorina M NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9796
Experience Description
I’ve always had a memory of this experience, but didn’t know where it came from. I never knew this happened until I was 28 years old when I told my mother. As a baby, I had a memory of being at the edge of a tunnel. I was using my right hand to play with the bright light. Looking inside the tunnel, I saw three men to the left. They were chatting happily and looking over at me now and again, but never worried. I don’t remember which order the events happened in, but I vividly remember seeing hell which was extremely disturbing. I saw my mother crying outside of the hospital door, with a male doctor or nurse holding me over his arm. He was injecting me in the bottom with several innoculations.

When I was 28 years old, I told my mother this memory. She told me that when I was about a month old, I drowned while she was bathing me. To her recollection, she was washing me over her arm in a tiny bath, a few drops went into my mouth and I aspirated. I instantly started foaming at the mouth; turned blueish purple and went stiff. She said it had been about 15 minutes and I was still foaming at the mouth. She said she’s never seen that much foam come out of anyone and it didn’t seem real. At the time the city was closed and the ambulances weren’t going through the city. A neighbor called the hospital and after telling them, 'the baby is dying' they finally decided to come get me.

I remember floating above her after deciding to come back and feeling the weight of this. I saw what it would do to her if I wouldn’t have woken up. I saw my future and my children. I have brown eyes and my husband has green eyes and I knew we’d have children with blue eyes and blonde hair.

My mother won’t share any other memories from that event. I’ve tried asking her if she remembered sitting on a chair outside of the door of the hospital while I was inside. But she’s refusing to talk about it.

When I was older, I saw an angel. I asked him what the purpose of life was. He laughed and sent me the information to my brain and then told me he had to take it back. I would only find out as I was going through life. I’ve had awful dreams my entire life and paralyzing dreams so I’m not sure how this all ties in, but this experience made me feel incredibly loved and it was not anything like a dream.

Background Information
Gender:Female
Date NDE Occurred:05/1991
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accident Drowning. Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) I drowned
How do you consider the content of your experience?Both pleasant AND distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?Yes I saw my mother outside of the room sitting on the chair in a dark hallway and other chairs around her. I saw the doctor or nurse holding me over his arm. When I went into my body initially, I felt relief from him. I also felt ashamed that I was naked and decided to go back out of my body really quickly. I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. I don’t know how to explain this but it’s my home. That is my home.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?I think when I was at the edge of the tunnel playing with the light. I kept waving my arm in it and it felt warm but also very white and fun to play with.
Were your thoughts speeded up?Incredibly fast
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning. Everything was happening at once
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI didn’t feel alive before.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI actually couldn’t hear what the three men were saying, just that they weren’t worried and laughing. They thought this was all sort of funny.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes Described above.
Did you see any beings in your experience?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes I didn’t personally know them. It was like three teachers that were discussing my grade or something that felt similar to that.
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes Oh it’s warm like the sun but brighter; very white with a touch of yellow.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?Some unfamiliar and strange plac.e As a child, when I was going through something rough, I used to be able to get out of my body and roam over the edge of a beautiful green cliff and fly over it.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?I’m not really sure
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Relief or calmness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Happiness
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?No
Did scenes from your past come back to you?My past flashed before me, out of my control. I had a life review for my future and felt shame and embarrassment over the way I treated people. I just don’t remember the situations.
Did scenes from the future come to you?Scenes from my personal future. Scenes from my future and the world's future and past.
Did you come to a border or point of no return?I came to a definite conscious decision to return to life.Seeing what my mothers future would be like made me return back.
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?I was one month old when it happened. Baptized orthodox Christian at the time.
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes
What is your religion now?I love Jesus
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was entirely not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. I was a month old, I didn’t know anything at that time. I still don’t even know if this was real or not.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes I’ve learned so much in the last few years. I’ve grown certain that God is real and that this world is extremely temporary and I realize how much I’ve hurt people in my past. God loves those people so incredibly much and I’ve hurt others.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I heard a voice I could not identify
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?I actually saw them
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)Uncertain I saw three men but I didn’t know who they were.
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Uncertain I’ve had another memory of a past event but I don’t know if that’s real.
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Uncertain
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Uncertain I just felt a ton of love. Surrounding and very heavy love that weighed on my souls.
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Yes Yes, I definitely felt like I knew more than the average person or was smarter than someone. Only maturing will make it certain that I am no better than anyone around me.
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes I’ve been trying very hard to remember what my life’s purpose is. But when I was a child I used to know it all the time.
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Uncertain I’m not sure about this
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?Uncertain
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?Yes A log of hard things ahead
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes I felt love like no other.
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Moderate changes in my life
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?Yes I couldn’t put words to this for years. I used to think maybe it was a dream but also, that it wasn’t true and no one would believe me.
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes I don’t as much anymore but I used to be able to check out of life all the time. I also used to be able to check out to understand things I didn’t understand during the day. I can see things before they happen which makes me doubt myself all the time.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.I’m not sure honestly. I always feel like people won’t believe me so I don’t share.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Uncertain
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?No