Jose VS NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9851
Experience Description
It was a weekday on the last week of May 1982. I was still a cadet at the Philippine Military Academy in Baguio City, Philippines. We had an exam around 10am on that day. The weather was very windy and rainy. After the exam, I and a fellow cadet, agreed to meet and eat our snacks. He went ahead of me and I followed him.

The next thing I recall, was going up a road made of rocks and stones. A black-hooded Being with no face was asking me to go with him. I said, 'No' as I ran all the way up the road, only to find myself beside a well, made of rocks and stones. I saw the same Being again. He asked me again, to go with him. I said, 'I will not.' As he was insistent, I picked-up two rocks. One rock was whole and one was flat. Instead of throwing them at the same being, I told him that we would clash our rocks and if he breaks mine, then I will go with him. But if I break his rock, he will set me free. As we hit each other’s rocks, I broke his.

Suddenly, I found myself and three other men on top of a mass of clouds. There was a big hole in the middle where I could see a bright, blue sky. I saw a long stairway going down but it was missing the fourth step. Two men went down the stairs. I was the third one in line to go down, but then I was afraid that I might fall. The other man told me that if I would not go down, I will remain in this place. Just as I stepped down, I found myself running in the middle of a road with lots of tall, golden-yellow grass and a big, round light at the end of the road.

When I reached the light, I woke up looking at the big, round emergency-room light. The Commandant of Cadets asked me where I was and if I knew what happened to me. I said, I only remembered stepping out of our classroom and that was it. He then told me, that I was electrocuted by a 3.3 kilovolts electrical wire which somehow severed due to the high winds. Luckily for me, I was saved by a plumber who was walking along the same walkway, following me.

Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:May 1982
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accident Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function). I was electrocuted with a 3.3 kilovolt high-tension wire.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Entirely pleasant
Did you feel separated from your body?Yes
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?Normal consciousness and alertness. I was certainly unconscious after being electrocuted.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?I was certainly unconscious after being electrocuted.
Were your thoughts speeded up?No
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?No
Were your senses more vivid than usual?No
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceIt was the same.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceIt was the same.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Uncertain
Did you see any beings in your experience?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?No
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?An unusually bright light
Did you see an unearthly light?Uncertain
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?No
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?Cannot describe, but certainly I wanted to get away from the black-hooded Being with no face who was asking me to go with him
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Relief or calmness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Happiness
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?No
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?No
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?No
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Christian- Catholic I am born and baptized a Roman Catholic.
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?Yes Considered that family and love to them is very important. Each of us has to live our lives with God.
What is your religion now?Christian- Catholic I am a Roman Catholic.
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes At the time that I was in the hospital and undergoing a daily grind of dressing the burned parts of my left foot and even losing my second toe, I did not believe in God anymore and I hated Him for that matter. However, during my 20th birthday, my girlfriend brought me to church for the first time after the accident and there I cried and asked God for forgiveness and thanking Him for my second life.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I heard a voice I could not identify. A black-hooded being with no face was asking me to go with him
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?No
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?No
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?No
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Considered that family and love to them is very important. Eeach of us has to live our lives with God.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience as accurately as other life events that occurred around the time of the experience
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes Apparently there were some instances that I came to know as to the exact day or even time when a very sick or dying person would pass away. Examples were the death of my mother in law; my wife's cousin; my uncle the brother of my father and one of my men who was under me before in the military.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.Life indeed is so precious that after the changes in my life, I did my best to be the person who would be responsible to my family especially my wife and my children and learned that having one's parents around is a very important thing; notwithstanding the fact that I grew up with my grandparents. It's the thing about living one's life a day at a time.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes I shared it to my girlfriend, to my mother and to the mother of a classmate who prayed over me.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real It's like I was there to experience it.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Yes Considered that family and love to them is very important and each of us has to live our lives with God.
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?None
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?I believe everything about NDE among those who have had it should be shared because I only knew about it when I met the daughter of my wife's second cousin who also had an accident but came back to live and tell her experience to me.