Bartosz K NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9898
Experience Description
I had a near-death experience (NDE) when I was 3 years old. This experience was unusually realistic, detailed, and intense.

During my experience, I found myself in a tunnel. I was involuntarily moving in the direction of a blue light. When I arrived at the end of the tunnel, I found myself in a cave on a mountain. I had a view to a valley below. In the valley, I saw a city containing buildings of various sizes. Each building had the lower part in the form of a square, and was topped with a dome that was covered with high antennas in the form of a cone.

I had an impression that the other world was more real and sharper than our daily world. I was feeling more present and aware. I had intuition, and occasionally knowledge about everything that surrounded me. For example, I was aware where my dwelling in the other world is located. I was feeling the vastness of this world, its evil and goodness.

I would like to emphasize the sharpness of this memory, which is sharper than any other memory. This memory is also the very first I remember in my life.

Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:1992
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accident electrocution. Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) I was electrocuted when electrical fuses went off. Supposedly, my brother pulled me off and my father performed resuscitation. I was dead for a few minutes.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Entirely pleasant
Did you feel separated from your body?No I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal. Intuition, knowledge from nowhere, feelings, and the color blue in a shade I never saw on Earth; this color was warmer that any other color.
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?When I left the tunnel, my perception become more complex with intuition and knowledge. All I felt had been sharper
Were your thoughts speeded up?Incredibly fast
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?No
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI have impression that reality we are living in is blurred; over there all looked similar as in our reality, but was sharper The same with my memory; it was more alive, vivid than the present time.
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceI do not remember auditory sensations.
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes I walked down the tunnel and saw a blue light at the end of it., I have never seen such a shade of blue in our reality. I had the feeling of swimming and flying towards the light, but I had no control over my movement. When I reached the end of the tunnel, the blue color became a sky. I was on the mountain, from which I looked upon a city below. Then something distracted me, I looked at the lips of a woman. That is all I remember.
Did you see any beings in your experience?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?No
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes The blue color, but such color does not exist. Very light, bright, but not blinding.
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm. Perhaps it’s too big a word mystical, but I felt vastness of that world and the power of it.
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?I felt a lot of emotions; I felt evil and goodness in this world, and vastness of the world I had been in during the NDE. Over there, I felt that the city I saw had been huge despite only seeing a few houses. I had the feeling that there were millions of dwellers in this city.
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Happiness
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about myself or others. I didn't understand everything. It was as if I knew where I lived and who I was in the other world. I was certain that I had already been there and lived there.
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No It is a bit strange that when I was there, I remembered where I lived and who I was and so on. I could indicate exactly where was my house.
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?No
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?No comment I was 3 years old
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?No
What is your religion now?Other, or multi-denominational I do not believe in any religion, but I am leaning towards philosophy of reincarnation
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience. I have no idea because I was 3 years old
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?No
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin. I saw only the lips of a woman, who most likely was talking.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No I remembered that I had lived before.
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?No
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?No
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?No
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Uncertain I was certain that I lived many times before, but my consciousness had come back home. That reality there was so real. In fact, it’s impossible that this experience was not real.
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?No
During your experience, did you gain information about love?No
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?I can't answer that since I was only 3 years old
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience. I do not remember anything but this experience. I would add that this is my very first memory, and I remember it ever since I had any memories.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes Visions a few times. Intuition.
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes People did not believe me that I have such memories, they say that it was impossible since I was only 3 years old.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. If it appeared that this was hallucination, I would be very surprised. I would say that it’s truly improbable that it was hallucination.
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real. In my opinion it happened, but not necessarily in this reality.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?No