Robert E NDE
Classification : NDE   |   NDERF Experience : 9944
Experience Description
I was driving the 1961 Chrysler Windsor that I was in the process of restoring. I was not wearing a seat belt as I hit a post on the passenger side going 100 miles per hour. I was still conscious and managed to open the driver's door. I stepped out and felt my right forehead. As I looked at my hand, it was covered in blood. That is when I passed out.

I was outside of my body and looking at it. Two beings appeared; one on my left and one on my right. We began going through a tunnel, side by side. I felt a constantly increasing speed that at times was like being completely ripped apart. Suddenly, I found myself standing on a grassy hill. To the left, I saw a pulsating orb with golden, white light emanating from it. To the front and right of me, I saw a mountainous valley filled with millions of people. All of them were bathed in the light from this orb. I said to myself, 'Am I dead.' A person behind me said, 'Yes, you are.' I heard them from in my heart area, not from my ears.

Then I felt arms on my back as they quickly pushed me down the hill towards the masses of people. I was led up to a woman, arms outstretched towards the orb. She said, 'Praise Him.'

I did not know this woman. Three years later, I met this woman and she was very much alive. She was an old girlfriend's mother.

Then I noticed a fence surrounding the masses. There were tall, stoic forms that were dark and greyish-colored. I was pushed right into one of their faces. the hair on my head stood up. I was terrified. I looked to my left and saw Jesus. I leapt into his arms.

The next thing I remember is arriving as I put my body back on, as if I were putting on a set of clothes.

A neighbor called 911 and and the ambulance arrived. The paramedics restarted my heart after numerous tries. I woke up in the hospital. I was bruised, battered, and had numerous cuts. I was soon released, after a few days. I was miraculously healed. I felt like I was walking on clouds for a few months afterward.

Background Information
Gender:Male
Date NDE Occurred:10/19/1999
NDE Elements
At the time of your experience, was there an associated life-threatening event?Yes Accident. Direct head injury. Clinical death (cessation of breathing or heart function) I was killed in a car accident.
How do you consider the content of your experience?Both pleasant AND distressing
Did you feel separated from your body?No I clearly left my body and existed outside it
How did your highest level of consciousness and alertness during the experience compare to your normal everyday consciousness and alertness?More consciousness and alertness than normal
At what time during the experience were you at your highest level of consciousness and alertness?The whole time.
Were your thoughts speeded up?Incredibly fast
Did time seem to speed up or slow down?Everything seemed to be happening at once; or time stopped or lost all meaning already did.
Were your senses more vivid than usual?Incredibly more vivid
Please compare your vision during the experience to your everyday vision that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceMy vision was highly enhanced
Please compare your hearing during the experience to your everyday hearing that you had immediately prior to the time of the experienceCrystal clear
Did you seem to be aware of things going on elsewhere?No
Did you pass into or through a tunnel?Yes
Did you see any beings in your experience?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any deceased (or alive) beings?Yes
Did you see, or feel surrounded by, a brilliant light?A light clearly of mystical or other-worldly origin
Did you see an unearthly light?Yes
Did you seem to enter some other, unearthly world?A clearly mystical or unearthly realm already did
What other emotions did you feel during the experience?I felt peace, intense terror
Did you have a feeling of peace or pleasantness?Incredible peace or pleasantness
Did you have a feeling of joy?Incredible joy
Did you feel a sense of harmony or unity with the universe?I felt united or one with the world
Did you suddenly seem to understand everything?Everything about myself or others already did
Did scenes from your past come back to you?No
Did scenes from the future come to you?No
Did you come to a border or point of no return?No
God, Spiritual and Religion
What was your religion prior to your experience?Other or several faiths: I am Christian, a believer but not religion.
Have your religious practices changed since your experience?No
What is your religion now?Same
Did your experience include features consistent with your earthly beliefs?Content that was both consistent and not consistent with the beliefs you had at the time of your experience Have nothing here.
Did you have a change in your values and beliefs because of your experience?Yes belief is much stronger.
Did you seem to encounter a mystical being or presence, or hear an unidentifiable voice?I encountered a definite being, or a voice clearly of mystical or unearthly origin.
Did you see deceased or religious spirits?No
Did you encounter or become aware of any beings who previously lived on earth who are described by name in religions (for example: Jesus, Muhammad, Buddha, etc?)Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about universal connection or oneness?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about the existence of God?Yes
Concerning our Earthly lives other than Religion
During your experience, did you gain special knowledge or information about your purpose?Yes Time can be briefly stopped.
During your experience, did you gain information about the meaning of life?Yes Ditto.
During your experience, did you gain information about an afterlife?Yes
Did you gain information about how to live our lives?No
During your experience, did you gain information about life's difficulties, challenges and hardships?Yes
During your experience, did you gain information about love?Yes
What life changes occurred in your life after your experience?Large changes in my life. I have become even more compassionate.
Have your relationships changed specifically as a result of your experience?Have remained more loving.
After the NDE
Was the experience difficult to express in words?No
How accurately do you remember the experience in comparison to other life events that occurred around the time of the experience?I remember the experience more accurately than other life events that occurred around the time of the experience.
Do you have any psychic, non-ordinary or other special gifts after your experience that you did not have before the experience?Yes Can stop time, briefly.
Are there one or several parts of your experience that are especially meaningful or significant to you? Please explain.All of my experience is meaningful
Have you ever shared this experience with others?Yes some have said I was only dreaming.
Did you have any knowledge of near death experience (NDE) prior to your experience?No
What did you believe about the reality of your experience shortly (days to weeks) after it happened?Experience was definitely real. Just knew it was real because I experienced it completely
What do you believe about the reality of your experience now?Experience was definitely real. Nothing has changed. I can remember every moment, and feeling.
At any time in your life, has anything ever reproduced any part of the experience?Yes Seeing the person alive, who spoke to me in my NDE
Is there anything else that you would like to add about your experience?Nope, I've said it all
Are there any other questions that we could ask to help you communicate your experience?All is well.